10 articles:

The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3
Academic Faculty in University Research Centers: Neither Capitalism’s slaves nor Teaching Fugitives, The Journal of Higher Education,­ vol.­84,­ No.­1
Discourses of Whiteness: White Students at Catholic women’s Colleges (Dis)engaging Race, The Journal of Higher Education,­ Vol.­84,­ No.­1­
Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2
Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6
The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6
Fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6
Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 
Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4
Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3

Hedges

(1) might, frequency is 35. Eg.
a) Why this might have occurred is worthy of investigation. (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)
b) And of course there are always 4-5 to an office so it might be crowded and a student wants to have a personal conversation with me. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(2) may, frequency is 202. Eg.
a) However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. (Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) As suggested by Bandura (1977, 1986), these conversations may serve to inspire students to work with greater levels of effort or to try new experiences, to normalize feelings of inadequacy or assuage fears, or to learn vicariously through the experiences of others. (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)

(3) maybe, frequency is 1. Eg.
a) ­ I­ guess ­maybe ­it’s ­just ­been ­easier ­for ­me­ to­ do­ things­ every­ day.­I ­guess ­I ­haven’t­ really ­truly ­thought ­a ­lot ­about ­that. (Discourses of Whiteness: White Students at Catholic women’s Colleges (Dis)engaging Race, The Journal of Higher Education,­ Vol.­84,­ No.­1­)

(4) perhaps, frequency is 21. Eg.
a) Based on our findings, we conclude that the geographic context is less important as an influence on the dropping of declining fields than to the adoption of new fields (Brint et al., 2011), perhaps because drops expand and redistribute niche space geographically among those institutions continuing to offer declining programs. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)
b) Respect of ideas is perhaps the most important currency in academia and plays a substantial role in graduate progress, letters of recommendation, and future job prospects. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(5) possible, frequency is 23. Eg.
a) Chairs not only intentionally housed faculty but also scheduled courses far in ad- vanee so that NTTF had appropriate time to prepare for courses, helping consolidate part-time teachers so that they could teach at as few places as possible and not be impacted by eommuting. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) Part-time faculty experienced the harshest aspects of the neg- ative cultures and could not shield themselves the way some long-time, full-time NTTF were able to, by becoming as autonomous and isolated as possible or by creating connections to tenure-track faculty who might protect them from the harshest policies that impeded their performance. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(6) about, frequency is 118. Eg.
a) In one department that offered orientation, they described how it helped improve faculty performance: The chair meets with lecturers when they are hired and supplements the over- all university orientation with some specifics about how the department is run. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) Finally, everyone has heard “horror stories” about advisors who ex- ploit their power over graduate students. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(7) almost, frequency is 3. Eg.
a) It may also lead to minority graduate students working almost exclusively with faculty of color, if they are available (Stanley, 2006). (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) As second-class citizens, almost all NTTF described how at times their requests for support were not met, and students ended up suffering. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(8) nearly, frequency is 12. Eg.
a) The number of colleges and universities in our study population increased by 12% during the 35-year period, from 1,263 to 1,416, while the number of baccalaureate degrees these institutions awarded annually increased from nearly 800,000 to more than 1.3 million. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)
b) These four fields nearly became extinct during the period. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)

(9) apparent, frequency is 4. Eg.
a) However, there are differences in motivations behind this apparent agreement over spending priorities. (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) While many universities and departments are making strides to further diversify the make-up of their faculty and graduate student body, parity is far from apparent. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(10) appear/appears/appeared, frequency is 19. Eg.
a) A third outcome or finding of this study is identification of a host of policies and practices that appear to shape willingness, capacity, and opportunity to perform and are characteristics of the learning culture. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) Based on our results, it appears that persistence rates may be improved and the educational pipeline strengthened with programs fostering social integration, and to a lesser extent, academic integration, whereas concern over economic competitiveness and workforce development may best be addressed with programs designed to promote critical aspects of student learning. (Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(11) around, frequency is 15. Eg.
a) We organized this study around the central hypothesis that student learning during college positively affects persistence, above and beyond background characteristics, measures of social, human, and financial capital, and other confounding influences such as postsecondary institutional environment, and academic and so- cial integration. (Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) Students structure their college experiences around choice of college major, and so field of study is an additional key factor shaping even- tual graduation (Leppel, 2001). (Fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(12) assume/assumes/assumed, frequency is 9. Eg.
a) If we assume that error is randomly distributed, any error will tend to truncate the amount of variance we explain in our models. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)
b) The empirical illustration suggests that the role of ideological polarization in higher education’s budgetary fortunes seems to be more relevant than had been previously assumed. (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(13) broadly, frequency is 4. Eg.
a) Third, this study’s purpose involved empirically linking broadly conceived notions of learning to persis- tence. (Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) The present article follows up on this important productivity study, attempting to explore NTTF performance more broadly and in more detail through case study method. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(14) certain (to a certain degree/extent/..;in certain ways) , frequency is 11. Eg.
a) According to Martin, there is no single reality of culture but individual perceptions may coalesce around certain similar values or norms, particularly in subgroups that have the same experience. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) Gappa et al. (2007) proposed that certain characteristics affect the performance of faculty: employment equity. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(15) could, frequency is 36. Eg.
a) The chair made it a point to try to improve salaries to market rate, to schedule enough courses so that NTTF could receive benefits, and to collaboratively schedule part-timers with enough advanced notice so they could sync with other campuses. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) Talk about improving student leaming! ￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty 177 Within the learning culture, there was often recognition that each small decision could have a significant impact on learning. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(16) doubt/doubts v., frequency is 1. Eg.
a) Apart from the serious problems experienced by European languages and literatures, we doubt that scholars will see especially worrisome signs of academic decay in the changes we found during the period covered by our study. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)

(17) estimate/estimates/estimated v., frequency is 24. Eg.
a) Based on the loss of statistical significance in the estimated net effects of leadership and the decrease in effect size of grades (B = 0.266, Delta-p = 0.009, p < 0.01), the combined model estimates provide evidence that academic and social integration moderate the effects of these two learning measures on persistence. (Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) Indeed, Buchman and DiPrete (2006) estimate that approximately one third of the gender gap in graduation among White students is attributable to differences in college grades. (Fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(18) feel/feels/felt, frequency is 13. Eg.
a) In some instances, they felt culture was different between these groups (the findings about felt culture are the topic of another paper and not a major focus here given space constraints). (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) In the learning culture, chairs were more likely to ereate a mechanism for providing this information, so that lecturers felt confident and had accurate information. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(19) frequently, frequency is 5. Eg.
a) As a result, the impact of legislators’ ideological preferences on spending decisions varies with political institutions, and outcomes frequently diverge from the prefer- ences of the median voter (Besley & Case, 2003). (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) Existing literature has indicated that faculty of color frequently face increased demands on the part of students of color who seek them as mentors, either for their specialty areas or because they may person- ally understand their experiences. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(20) generally, frequency is 7. Eg.
a) They were more likely to consider departmental staff helpful and courteous and chairs as generally open to speak with NTTF. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) These programs, which generally attract students who have de- clared or plan to declare a STEM major, provide opportunities for stu- dents to participate in field trips, courses, research projects, and other activities that promote involvement in STEM. (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)

(21) in general, frequency is 5. Eg.
a) In general, these studies point to the higher likelihood of persistence for students who receive financial aid, although some studies have found differential effects for financial aid based on distinctions among race (Furr & Elling, 2002), socioeconomic status, and type of aid awarded (Paulsen & St. (Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) To address whether men in general are less likely to graduate or whether particular subgroups of men are exceptionally less likely to graduate and so bring down the aver- age for men, I tested a series of interactions between being male and SES and race and ethnicity. (Fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(22) indicate/indicates/indicated, frequency is 46. Eg.
a) I measure college major with three dummy variables based on the gender composition of field of study—one indicates major- ing in the male dominated fields of engineering, math, or the physical sciences; the second indicates majoring in the female dominated fields of education or health; and the final indicates majoring in the relatively more gender balanced arts and sciences and other majors. (Fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) According to potter’s (2006) study, for example, only 11 of the 37 states indicated that state master plans included capital spending. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)

(23) most likely, frequency is 1. Eg.
a) Today, not all institutions with commitments to the liberal arts are high-status; instead, small religiously-affiliated col- leges are among the most likely to maintain these commitments (Brint, Proctor, Murphy, Turk-Bicakci, & Hanneman, 2009). (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)

(24) more likely, frequency is 46. Eg.
a) Similar patterns have emerged in examining the effects of gender, with some studies finding females more likely to enroll (Braxton, Bray et al., 2000; Bray et al., 1999), ... (Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) These studies suggest that women may be more likely to gravitate to advisors who provide affective forms of support. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(25) least likely, frequency is 1. Eg.
a) We also show that fields decline in several dis- tinct ways, and we show the characteristics of institutions that are most and least likely to drop declining fields. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)

(26) less likely, frequency is 43. Eg.
a) General fund appropriations are more often formula-driven and incre- mental; by comparison, state capital expenditure processes vary more widely and are less likely to be formula-driven and guided by statewide master plans (Manns, 2003; Manns & Katsinas, 2006; Potter, 2006). (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)
b) However, the observed gender gap in graduation among students who entered through four-year institutions is slightly larger than all postsecondary entrants, and males are 22% less likely to graduate than females. (Fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(27) likely (without least, more, less, most), frequency is 25. Eg.
a) As compared to public institutions, private institutions, with their higher tuitions and typically stronger endowments, would seem likely to be more interested in preserving traditional arts and sciences fields. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)
b) Notes • It should be noted that four year institutions—like Masters I—are relying heavily on NTTF with close to 40% of faculty nationally being NTTF within this sector, likely higher now given budget problems (Schuster & Finkelstein, 2006). (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(28) unlikely, frequency is 1. Eg.
a) The importance of STEM education to our nation’s collective pros- perity seems unlikely to abate. (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)

(29) largely, frequency is 11. Eg.
a) Constructivism also suggests that human beings largely have an accurate understanding of their own experience, particu- larly issues they are close to (Crotty, 2001; Stake, 1997). (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) First, L/L programs largely cater to first-year populations, so they represent the largest proportion of our sample (Inkelas, Brower, & Associates, 2008). (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)

(30) mainly, frequency is 8. Eg.
a) The list qualifies the conclusions of some early schol- ars of declining fields that these fields are concentrated among those studied mainly by women, among those serving disadvantaged popula- tions (Slaughter, 1993) or among those located in the humanities (see, e. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)
b) They were neither populated primarily by women nor mainly served disadvantaged populations. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)

(31) mostly, frequency is 1. Eg.
a) In the neutral culture, NTTF are typically not actively disrespected as they are in the destructive culture; rather, they are mostly ignored. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(32) often, frequency is 64. Eg.
a) For each campus, prior to interviews I reviewed the institutional website, key documents including self-study for aecreditation that often spoke to working conditions for NTTF, strategic plans, faculty handbooks, union contracts, and departmental websites and materials. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) In sum, each one of the four perspectives we used to investigate the characteristics of colleges and universities that drop declining fields re- ceived some support, but support was inconsistent and often weak for explanations based on demographic composition. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)

(33) on the whole, frequency is 0

(34) ought, frequency is 1. Eg.
a) In addition, the lack of findings between many of the measured di- mensions of student learning used in the study and persistence suggests that the prevailing definitions of institutional quality ought to extend ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼818 The Journal of Higher Education beyond enrollment measures in order to take into account learning as an essential determinant of quality. (Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(35) plausible, frequency is 2. Eg.
a) One plausible expla- nation for this finding is that women of color may seek out minority and/or female faculty who they believe will recognize, understand, and appreciate their raced/gendered academic and personal struggles (Craw- ford & Smith, 2005; few, Stephens, & Rouse-Arnett, 2003). (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) Selection effects, a pe- rennial problem in non-equivalent group designs, are a plausible cause: if non-STEM-L/L participants were less committed to earning a STEM degree than were their STEM L/L peers, attenuation in the non-STEM- L/L programs’ influence may have occurred. (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)

(36) presumable, frequency is 0

(37) presumably, frequency is 2. Eg.
a) Next, they estimated citizen ideology in each district (both house and senate districts) of a state using the ideology score for the district’s incumbent, the estimated score for a challenger (or hypothetical chal- lenger) to the incumbent, and election results that presumably reflect ideological divisions in the electorate. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)
b) Consistent with our initial hypotheses, L/L programs, compared to traditional residence halls (and presumably off-campus residences), have the capacity to enhance the quality of stu- dents’ peer and faculty interactions and deepen their sense of social sup- port, which in turn influence factors which bear directly upon vocational choice. (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)

(38) probable, frequency is 0

(39) probably, frequency is 1. Eg.
a) These trends are probably largely transferable to other four-year public Mas- ters 1 institutions. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(40) quite, frequency is 6. Eg.
a) The overall institution also affects the culture and, depending on the institutional type, this influence can be strong (such as in community colleges) or quite weak (such as within large comprehensive institutions and universities). (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) Our new chair does Twitter and social media and really tries to communicate quite a bit. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(41) rather (not ”rather than”), frequency is 9. Eg.
a) Rather, instrumental advisors seek input from their students. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) We argue that decline is not a single process, but rather several dis- tinct processes involving (a) differential propensities to offer fields among new schools as compared to schools that fail during a period, (b) the number of new as compared to failed schools, and (c) the number of drops and adoptions of fields among schools that persist throughout a period. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)

(42) roughly, frequency is 4. Eg.
a) , 2010), while foreign language requirements as an element of general education remained roughly con- stant (Brint et al. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)
b) Roughly half of the original sample were randomly selected and admin- istered the Moral Reasoning assessment (n = 1,265), while the entire sample of participating students were administered the remaining as- sessments (n = 2,439). (Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(43) seem/seems/seemed, frequency is 28. Eg.
a) Although this variation in capital expenditure procedures seems to emphasize political influences, studies of higher education general fund appropriations have shown political factors related to party control, or- ganizational structure, and interest group activity to be significant deter- minants of state spending for higher education (Archibald & Feldman, 2006; McLendon, Hearn, & Mohker, 2009; Tandberg, 2010a, 2010b). (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)
b) As compared to public institutions, private institutions, with their higher tuitions and typically stronger endowments, would seem likely to be more interested in preserving traditional arts and sciences fields. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)

(44) seemingly, frequency is 5. Eg.
a) they argued that the seemingly subtle policy differences be- tween performance funding and performance budgeting were, in fact, substantively different, so we should not be surprised that variables af- fect adoption differently. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)
b) As a result, the research literature does not rise to the practical significance of capital spending on higher educa- tion, which includes: the substantial gross spending on higher education capital projects, the sizeable share of higher education projects of all state capital spending, and the variation in the process used to deter- mine capital spending as compared to general appropriations for higher education, which seemingly leads to a more political process for capital expenditures. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)

(45) should(表猜测), frequency is 43. Eg.
a) 3) conceptually dis- tinct but mutually reinforcing outcomes that collectively explained what students should learn as a result of going to college (AAC&U, 2007). (Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) Future research should also explore whether college experiences contributed to this trend over time. (Fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(46) sometimes, frequency is 4. Eg.
a) The uncollaborative and late scheduling resulted in exhausted faculty who risked being late for class and sometimes less prepared than they hoped. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) In terms of capacity to perform, within the destructive cul- ture, NTTF discussed how hiring is done with little thought, is very unsystematic, and sometimes even illegal practices are used. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(47) somewhat, frequency is 3. Eg.
a) The dependent variable (Dv) was represented by a single item (“How likely is it that you will complete a degree in [your major]”), with a five-point Likert-type response scale (“not at all likely; somewhat likely; not sure; likely; very likely”). (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)
b) After calculating the totality of effects in the hypothesized model (that is, both direct and indirect effects) of L/L participation on the Dv, a somewhat ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Supporting STEM Persistence 325 different picture emerged (see Table 4). (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)

(48) suggest/suggests/suggested (说明,暗示,非“建议”), frequency is 56. Eg.
a) *** p < 0.001, ** p < 0.01, * p < 0.05 ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼838 The Journal of Higher Education Since the gender gap widens after conditioning on social integration, and more men than women play sports while men participate in fewer social and academic clubs, these results suggest that it is the higher in- volvement of men in sports that suppresses the magnitude of the gender gap in graduation. (Fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) Our study suggests that, once in college, students are experiencing the mechanisms of vocational formation in the general manner posited by Lent et al. (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)

(49) suppose/supposes/supposed, frequency is 2. Eg.
a) Suppose that there are five legislators with varying tax rate preferences (one prefers 10%, another 20%, a third 30%, a fourth 40%, and the last 50%) and that the status quo tax rate is 42%. (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) I just do not under- stand that, how am I supposed to teach these online courses well when they offer us no support? (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(50) suspect/suspects/suspected, frequency is 1. Eg.
a) as for the reduced impact on capital spending, we suspect that this may be explained similar to the interest group finding—namely, that district support may account for capital expenditures more so than political party affiliation. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)

(51) tend to/tends to/tended to, frequency is 13. Eg.
a) Within the higher education budget across states, community colleges tend to receive support from both sides of the political spectrum, and spending levels are much more likely to be protected during recessions (Callan, 2002; Center for the Study of Education Policy, 2006). (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) High-status colleges and universities tend to retain traditional high-status fields, both because these fields retain their association with intellectuality and refinement and because many of their students will study more applied fields in their postgraduate years. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)

(52) typical of, frequency is 1. Eg.
a) ^ It is important to note that while faculty in the study focused their discussion on these three institutions, they taught at many other institutions, as is typical of NTTF— commenting on 10 private four-year colleges, 4 technical colleges, 16 community col- leges, and 8 other four-year Masters 1 institutions. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(53) typically, frequency is 15. Eg.
a) As a result of the respect felt toward NTTF, they were typically listed in departmental materials; often their pictures were on the walls. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) While typically these departments provide no support and profes- sional resources for NTTF, some departments distrusted NTTF so much that they created rigid course syllabi for them to follow, believing that they were incapable of having freedom to teach with a sample sylla- bus or set of learning goals. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(54) uncertain (作表语), frequency is 0

(55) unclear (作表语), frequency is 1. Eg.
a) Still, it is unclear of the role that secondary advisors play in decision- making. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(56) usually, frequency is 8. Eg.
a) The setting is usually the advisor’s office in a one-on-one format and the ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼882 The Journal of Higher Education discussion normally centers on the student’s work. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) For example, legislators in favor of universal health care usually vote for increases in spending on welfare programs. (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(57) would, frequency is 78. Eg.
a) For instance, a dummy variable indicating the existence of a centralized state agency to oversee capital expenditures, as NASBO (1999) reports, would seem an appro- priate measure for the extent to which capital funds follow a systematic process. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)
b) The results show that the gender gap in college graduation would be even greater if not for men’s higher rates of participation in varsity and intramural sports relative to women. (Fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(58) would not, frequency is 8. Eg.
a) Beeause they had been a part of broader curriculum discussions, there was greater possibilify that the autonomy would not lead to a stand- alone, fragmented course but would be integrated into a broader seheme of leaming that drew on the faculty member's expertise. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) Often chairs and tenure-track faculty colleagues recognized that professional development around teaching, while very important, would not be sufficient for NTTF. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(59) argue/argues/argued, frequency is 11. Eg.
a) they argued that the seemingly subtle policy differences be- tween performance funding and performance budgeting were, in fact, substantively different, so we should not be surprised that variables af- fect adoption differently. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)
b) Finally, as argued here, political competition in higher education hap- pens in a multidimensional policy space. (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(60) claim/claims/claimed v., frequency is 3. Eg.
a) While strong claims of causality are never possible in cross-sectional research, there seems to be little to lose and much to gain by implementing programs that provide students opportunities for meaningful academic and vocational discussions. (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)
b) One of these benefits translates into white men being able to stake claims on a majority of spots in graduate departments and have most of their research interests viewed as main- stream. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(61) attempt to, frequency is 0

(62) imply/implies/implied, frequency is 3. Eg.
a) Morgan’s (1980) research implies that while students of color may be disadvantaged in primary mentorship, they may find supportive advisors who serve in a secondary role. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) However, the fact that students of color, compared to whites, report their primary advisors to be less respectful implies disadvantage. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

Boosters

(1) actually, frequency is 10. Eg.
a) Overall, these results indicate that women are actually identifying their advisors as providing more support than men. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) In addition to having different mentoring experiences, women may actually prefer different types of advising. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(2) always, frequency is 9. Eg.
a) Therefore, one can- not assume that if an institution has put positive policies and practices in place at the institutional level that the change will always translate down into departments, which are slower to adopt practices. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) These conditions are (a) failed schools that offered the field, (b) failed schools that did not offer the field, (c) new schools that offered the field, (d) new schools that did not offer the field, (e) continuing schools that never offered the field, (f) continuing schools that always offered the field, (g) continuing schools that adopted the field, and (h) continuing schools that dropped the field. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)

(3) believe/believes/believed, frequency is 12. Eg.
a) ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼894 The Journal of Higher Education reason to believe that meaningful differences may exist. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) For example, conservatives may not support increases in the funding for need-based aid programs in post- secondary education because they either dislike programs targeting the poor, in principle, or they believe that support for higher educa- tion should be based on merit. (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(4) beyond doubt, frequency is 0

(5) certain, frequency is 11. Eg.
a) Contributions and Broader Impacts Our findings speak to a “mentoring glass ceiling” where women of color are provided with certain forms of support, but lack important interpersonal components of mentorship that makes relations with fac- ulty rewarding, pleasurable, and productive for their future successes as faculty members. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) Research contends that certain students may have a dis- proportionate number of negative interactions with faculty and that this disadvantage falls along discipline, racial, and gender lines. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(6) certainly, frequency is 4. Eg.
a) Certainly, funding requirements from ballot initiatives and federal-state partnerships in entitlement ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼782 The Journal of Higher Education spending increasingly mandate specific levels of funding, which should lessen the amount of discretionary funding available; yet, California legislators have shown a willingness to borrow and spend beyond their revenue base. (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) Certainly there is an element of complexify to this issue, as the inclusive and leaming cultures led faculfy to do work for which they are not paid and could be seen as an exploitative pracfice. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(7) clear, frequency is 13. Eg.
a) Empirical Illustration: Ideology and State Support Recent scholarly research has shown that there are clear ideological and partisan differences in legislators’ views on higher education is- sues. (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) The direct influence of social supports and barriers is less clear, although the evidence bears out their indirect relationship to stu- dents’ intentions to persist in STEM fields through self-efficacy. (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)

(8) clearly, frequency is 9. Eg.
a) Although having an intellectual advisor is clearly important to those seeking a research-intensive position be- cause of these advisors focus on research, a more instrumental advisor is important for helping those students who are deciding how to use their degree. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) the difference between R-square values shows clearly that our model explains more of the variance for general fund expenditures (. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)

(9) conclusively, frequency is 0

(10) decidedly, frequency is 0

(11) definite, frequency is 0

(12) definitely, frequency is 2. Eg.
a) It seems that if a form of systematic disadvantage is occurring for advisor/student relations, it is definitely at the discipline level. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) While faculty members definitely do not need added responsibilities on top of their current demands, it ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼906 The Journal of Higher Education may be necessary and essential for higher education institutions to prop- erly reflect their true ideals. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(13) demonstrate/demonstrates/demonstrated, frequency is 11. Eg.
a) Rather these findings demonstrate the in- teractive and multiplicative effects of race and gender (Chaftez, 1997; Choo & ferree, 2010). (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) The fact that even after controlling for a variety of factors, includ- ing discipline, demonstrates that women of color still perceive their ad- visors to be less respectful leads us to conjecture that perhaps racial- ized processes discussed in other areas of social life are also present in graduate education in the form of perceived discrimination in student- advisor relationships. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(14) doubtless, frequency is 0

(15) establish/establishes/established, frequency is 11. Eg.
a) The authors also described the importance of departments and the department chair for creating the culture that establishes faculty work performance and possibilities. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) Finally, we must acknowledge that redistribution through higher educations subsidies, in addition to any other set of economic and so- cial objectives that governments establish at a particular point in time. (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(16) evident, frequency is 1. Eg.
a) These are fundamental fields for scientific and technological progress, and the declining proportion of colleges and universities offering these fields may therefore be a matter for concern, even if decline has been evident so far mainly in smaller and less prestigious colleges and universities. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)

(17) evidently, frequency is 1. Eg.
a) However, at lower levels in the size and status hierarchies other pressures and incentives on public and pri- vate institutions evidently come into play. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)

(18) find/finds/found, frequency is 90. Eg.
a) Zhao et al (2007) found a “career development” type which corresponds exactly to our “instrumental” advisor type. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) We find that students of color in the social sciences and humanities report their pri- mary advisors to be less respectful (B = -0.40, p < 0.01) and instru- mental (B = -0.10, p < 0.05) than white men. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(19) in fact, frequency is 10. Eg.
a) In fact, the results show that women actu- ally find more affective and instrumental support in their secondary ad- visors than men. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) In fact, as the private benefits going to those who attend college keep growing, as politicians realize that higher education can find funds elsewhere, and as fiscal pressures build to focus on other public needs, the fairness of and very need for government subsidies for higher education have come under scrutiny (kane, Orszag, & Apostolov, 2005; McLendon & Mokher, 2009; ved- der, 2007). (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(20) incontestable, frequency is 0

(21) incontestably, frequency is 0

(22) incontrovertible, frequency is 0

(23) incontrovertibly, frequency is 0

(24) indeed, frequency is 15. Eg.
a) Perhaps it is indeed the case that women’s high school and first-year college coursework is qualitatively less rigorous than that of men, and that respondents are an- swering accurately. (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)
b) Indeed, higher education researchers have rarely examined how de- terminants differ by revenue distribution. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)

(25) indisputable, frequency is 0

(26) indisputably, frequency is 0

(27) must (表猜测), frequency is 16. Eg.
a) Another practical implication of the theoretical argument set forth here is that policymakers must take into account how policies inevitably change in the legislative process. (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) Although policies and programs aimed to raise overall rates of educational attainment and reduce the gender gap must certainly target precollege educational factors where significant gender differences arise, this study suggests that efforts must also target consequential college experiences linked to persistence that vary by gender. (Fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(28) never, frequency is 12. Eg.
a) Faculty commented how the lack of support by the chair and staff had created a host of problems in their teaching—technology not being available for students at the beginning of the term (Blackboard), books not available for students, student evaluations being lost so they did not receive feedback and could not change courses, rooms never being as- signed for courses so they ended up with a poor room for their course purposes, lab equipment not being available for course activities, miss- ing art supplies that were necessary for activities, and the list goes on. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) While strong claims of causality are never possible in cross-sectional research, there seems to be little to lose and much to gain by implementing programs that provide students opportunities for meaningful academic and vocational discussions. (Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3)

(29) no doubt, frequency is 0

(30) obvious, frequency is 1. Eg.
a) ­ In­our­URC­coding­protocol,­senior­investigators­worked­closely­with­ graduate­ students­ to­ help­ classify­ URCs­ when­ the­ center­ type­ was­ not­ obvious. (Academic Faculty in University Research Centers: Neither Capitalism’s slaves nor Teaching Fugitives, The Journal of Higher Education,­ vol.­84,­ No.­1)

(31) obviously, frequency is 0

(32) of course, frequency is 6. Eg.
a) Thus, one major conclusion from the study is that persistence decisions are influenced by overall mas- tery of course content, as reflected by first-year grades, and the extent to which students possess values such as equity, social justice, self-knowl- edge, citizenship, and commitment towards social change as measured by the leadership construct. (Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) And of course there are always 4-5 to an office so it might be crowded and a student wants to have a personal conversation with me. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(33) prove/proves/proved, frequency is 2. Eg.
a) The identification of the learning culture is also a helpful finding in that it provides a model for campuses to strive for that want to im- prove NTTF performance and increase student learning. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) Multifaceted approaches to fostering peer interactions, participation in the cocurriculum, and im- proved teaching, along with attention to learning outcomes across sev- eral dimensions holds the potential of bolstering enrollment from one year to the next, enhancing preparation for the complex challenges of the twenty-first century workforce, and achieving the nation’s broad ed- ucational goals. (Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(34) realize/realizes/realized (认识到,非“实现”), frequency is 1. Eg.
a) In fact, as the private benefits going to those who attend college keep growing, as politicians realize that higher education can find funds elsewhere, and as fiscal pressures build to focus on other public needs, the fairness of and very need for government subsidies for higher education have come under scrutiny (kane, Orszag, & Apostolov, 2005; McLendon & Mokher, 2009; ved- der, 2007). (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(35) really, frequency is 20. Eg.
a) Our new chair does Twitter and social media and really tries to communicate quite a bit. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) So distinctions are really played down. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(36) show/shows/showed/shown, frequency is 83. Eg.
a) Organizational size, however, showed a strong relationship with the preservation of declining fields. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)
b) State Spending on Higher Education A steady stream of research examining state spending for higher edu- cation has shown funding levels to be associated with state-level eco- nomic, demographic, and higher education system characteristics (e. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)

(37) sure, frequency is 14. Eg.
a) They really go out of their way to make sure you know that they are there to make you successful. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) Sure, I could offer advice to their coursework that sorely needs practical examples and more recent understanding of law. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(38) surely, frequency is 0

(39) think/thinks/thought, frequency is 23. Eg.
a) At other institutions, I just would have taught the course as I was told to, even if I thought it was the wrong way. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) The major difference in values appears to be that faculty, chairs, and staff in the learning culture typically thought about support for NTTF, not just as an issue of equity but rather tied the support to a commit- ment to students and the goals of the institution around learning. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(40) true, frequency is 5. Eg.
a) The same was true for the organizational status index; in every case but sociology and geography, higher-status organizations were more likely to adopt. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)
b) While there is more agreement across various stakeholder groups over the need to increase postsecondary opportunity for all, the same is not true in regard to how to finance (i. (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(41) truly, frequency is 2. Eg.
a) In this regard, our pursuit to truly implement the intersectionality frame- work is limited in this manner as well. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) Only the first form of decline described above is truly devastating for a field. (Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4)

(42) undeniable, frequency is 0

(43) undeniably, frequency is 0

(44) undisputedly, frequency is 0

(45) undoubtedly, frequency is 0

(46) without doubt, frequency is 0

Self-mentions

(1) I, frequency is 199. Eg.
a) Departments used multiple fypes of evaluation, ineluding portfolios, peer observation, and student evaluations: Evaluation in this department differs from other institutions I teach at. (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)
b) I then include the propensity scores as a covariate in the model predicting graduation. (Fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(2) we, frequency is 325. Eg.
a) Following Noy and Ray (forthcoming), we identify six dimensions of mentorship: affective, instrumental, intellectual, exploitative, available, and respectful. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) In terms of the explanatory variables, we first examine differences between men and women, where women comprise 55% of the sample. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(3) me, frequency is 49. Eg.
a) (Original work published in 1977) ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX: TABLE A1 Factor Scales for Primary Advisor-Types (Rotated Matrix) Variable Affective Instrumental Primary Primary Advisor Advisor Intellectual Primary Advisor Exploitative Available Primary Primary Advisor Advisor Respectful Primary Advisor a13a Are available to me when I need help with my research a13b Are available to me when I need to talk about my program and my progress in the program 0.822 0.6819 a13c Treat my ideas with respect 0.1078 a13d Give me regular and constructive feedback on my research 0.5646 0.4182 0.3468 a13e Teach me the details of good research practice a13f Provide me with information about ongoing research relevant to my work a13g Teach me survival skills for this field 0.4721 0.6563 0.6255 0.5394 0.6328 0.4488 a13h Help me secure funding for my graduate studies a13i Help me develop professional relationships with others in the field a13j Assist me in writing presentation or publications a13k Teach me to write grant and contract proposals a13l Advocate for me with others when necessary a13m Provide emotional support when I need it 0.7354 0.7011 0.7439 0.5795 0.8067 a13n Are sensitive to my needs a13o Take an interest in my personal life a13p Have my best interests at heart a13q Care about me as a whole person, not just as a scholar a13r Provide direct assessments of my progress 0.6836 a13s Would support me in any career path I choose 0.4794 a13t See me as a source of labor to advance his/her research a13u Expect me to work so many hours that it is difficult for me to have a life outside of school -0.7243 -0.6234 a13v Give me regular and constructive feedback on my progress towards degree completion 0.7569 a13w Provide information about career paths open to me 0.4266 a13x Solicits my input on matters of teaching and research Cronbach’s alpha 0.4436 0.88 0.83 0.82 0.62 0.8 n/a ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX: TABLE A2 Factor Scales for Secondary Advisor-Types (Rotated Matrix) Variable Affective Instrumental Secondary Secondary Advisor Advisor Intellectual Secondary Advisor Exploitative Secondary Advisor Available Secondary Advisor Respectful Secondary Advisor a13a Are available to me when I need help with my research a13b Are available to me when I need to talk about my program and my progress in the program a13c Treat my ideas with respect a13d Give me regular and constructive feedback on my research a13e Teach me the details of good research practice a13f Provide me with information about ongoing research relevant to my work a13g Teach me survival skills for this field a13h Help me secure funding for my graduate studies a13i Help me develop professional relationships with others in the field a13j Assist me in writing presentation or publications a13k Teach me to write grant and contract proposals a13l Advocate for me with others when necessary a13m Provide emotional support when I need it a13n Are sensitive to my needs a13o Take an interest in my personal life a13p Have my best interests at heart a13q Care about me as a whole person, not just as a scholar a13r Provide direct assessments of my progress a13s Would support me in any career path I choose a13t See me as a source of labor to advance his/her research a13u Expect me to work so many hours that it is difficult for me to have a life outside of school a13v Give me regular and constructive feedback on my progress towards degree completion a13w Provide information about career paths open to me a13x Solicits my input on matters of teaching and research 0.7275 0.6785 Cronbach’s alpha 0.2725 0.89 0.84 0.83 0.62 0.82 n/a 0.735 0.723 0.7122 0.6051 0.8151 0.5336 0.4041 0.603 0.5391 0.477 0.5818 0.4432 0.3617 0.5465 0.5921 0.5995 0.3256 0.6092 0.2663 0.7021 0.0647 ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) (Original work published in 1977) ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX: TABLE A1 Factor Scales for Primary Advisor-Types (Rotated Matrix) Variable Affective Instrumental Primary Primary Advisor Advisor Intellectual Primary Advisor Exploitative Available Primary Primary Advisor Advisor Respectful Primary Advisor a13a Are available to me when I need help with my research a13b Are available to me when I need to talk about my program and my progress in the program 0.822 0.6819 a13c Treat my ideas with respect 0.1078 a13d Give me regular and constructive feedback on my research 0.5646 0.4182 0.3468 a13e Teach me the details of good research practice a13f Provide me with information about ongoing research relevant to my work a13g Teach me survival skills for this field 0.4721 0.6563 0.6255 0.5394 0.6328 0.4488 a13h Help me secure funding for my graduate studies a13i Help me develop professional relationships with others in the field a13j Assist me in writing presentation or publications a13k Teach me to write grant and contract proposals a13l Advocate for me with others when necessary a13m Provide emotional support when I need it 0.7354 0.7011 0.7439 0.5795 0.8067 a13n Are sensitive to my needs a13o Take an interest in my personal life a13p Have my best interests at heart a13q Care about me as a whole person, not just as a scholar a13r Provide direct assessments of my progress 0.6836 a13s Would support me in any career path I choose 0.4794 a13t See me as a source of labor to advance his/her research a13u Expect me to work so many hours that it is difficult for me to have a life outside of school -0.7243 -0.6234 a13v Give me regular and constructive feedback on my progress towards degree completion 0.7569 a13w Provide information about career paths open to me 0.4266 a13x Solicits my input on matters of teaching and research Cronbach’s alpha 0.4436 0.88 0.83 0.82 0.62 0.8 n/a ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX: TABLE A2 Factor Scales for Secondary Advisor-Types (Rotated Matrix) Variable Affective Instrumental Secondary Secondary Advisor Advisor Intellectual Secondary Advisor Exploitative Secondary Advisor Available Secondary Advisor Respectful Secondary Advisor a13a Are available to me when I need help with my research a13b Are available to me when I need to talk about my program and my progress in the program a13c Treat my ideas with respect a13d Give me regular and constructive feedback on my research a13e Teach me the details of good research practice a13f Provide me with information about ongoing research relevant to my work a13g Teach me survival skills for this field a13h Help me secure funding for my graduate studies a13i Help me develop professional relationships with others in the field a13j Assist me in writing presentation or publications a13k Teach me to write grant and contract proposals a13l Advocate for me with others when necessary a13m Provide emotional support when I need it a13n Are sensitive to my needs a13o Take an interest in my personal life a13p Have my best interests at heart a13q Care about me as a whole person, not just as a scholar a13r Provide direct assessments of my progress a13s Would support me in any career path I choose a13t See me as a source of labor to advance his/her research a13u Expect me to work so many hours that it is difficult for me to have a life outside of school a13v Give me regular and constructive feedback on my progress towards degree completion a13w Provide information about career paths open to me a13x Solicits my input on matters of teaching and research 0.7275 0.6785 Cronbach’s alpha 0.2725 0.89 0.84 0.83 0.62 0.82 n/a 0.735 0.723 0.7122 0.6051 0.8151 0.5336 0.4041 0.603 0.5391 0.477 0.5818 0.4432 0.3617 0.5465 0.5921 0.5995 0.3256 0.6092 0.2663 0.7021 0.0647 ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(4) my, frequency is 51. Eg.
a) (Original work published in 1977) ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX: TABLE A1 Factor Scales for Primary Advisor-Types (Rotated Matrix) Variable Affective Instrumental Primary Primary Advisor Advisor Intellectual Primary Advisor Exploitative Available Primary Primary Advisor Advisor Respectful Primary Advisor a13a Are available to me when I need help with my research a13b Are available to me when I need to talk about my program and my progress in the program 0.822 0.6819 a13c Treat my ideas with respect 0.1078 a13d Give me regular and constructive feedback on my research 0.5646 0.4182 0.3468 a13e Teach me the details of good research practice a13f Provide me with information about ongoing research relevant to my work a13g Teach me survival skills for this field 0.4721 0.6563 0.6255 0.5394 0.6328 0.4488 a13h Help me secure funding for my graduate studies a13i Help me develop professional relationships with others in the field a13j Assist me in writing presentation or publications a13k Teach me to write grant and contract proposals a13l Advocate for me with others when necessary a13m Provide emotional support when I need it 0.7354 0.7011 0.7439 0.5795 0.8067 a13n Are sensitive to my needs a13o Take an interest in my personal life a13p Have my best interests at heart a13q Care about me as a whole person, not just as a scholar a13r Provide direct assessments of my progress 0.6836 a13s Would support me in any career path I choose 0.4794 a13t See me as a source of labor to advance his/her research a13u Expect me to work so many hours that it is difficult for me to have a life outside of school -0.7243 -0.6234 a13v Give me regular and constructive feedback on my progress towards degree completion 0.7569 a13w Provide information about career paths open to me 0.4266 a13x Solicits my input on matters of teaching and research Cronbach’s alpha 0.4436 0.88 0.83 0.82 0.62 0.8 n/a ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX: TABLE A2 Factor Scales for Secondary Advisor-Types (Rotated Matrix) Variable Affective Instrumental Secondary Secondary Advisor Advisor Intellectual Secondary Advisor Exploitative Secondary Advisor Available Secondary Advisor Respectful Secondary Advisor a13a Are available to me when I need help with my research a13b Are available to me when I need to talk about my program and my progress in the program a13c Treat my ideas with respect a13d Give me regular and constructive feedback on my research a13e Teach me the details of good research practice a13f Provide me with information about ongoing research relevant to my work a13g Teach me survival skills for this field a13h Help me secure funding for my graduate studies a13i Help me develop professional relationships with others in the field a13j Assist me in writing presentation or publications a13k Teach me to write grant and contract proposals a13l Advocate for me with others when necessary a13m Provide emotional support when I need it a13n Are sensitive to my needs a13o Take an interest in my personal life a13p Have my best interests at heart a13q Care about me as a whole person, not just as a scholar a13r Provide direct assessments of my progress a13s Would support me in any career path I choose a13t See me as a source of labor to advance his/her research a13u Expect me to work so many hours that it is difficult for me to have a life outside of school a13v Give me regular and constructive feedback on my progress towards degree completion a13w Provide information about career paths open to me a13x Solicits my input on matters of teaching and research 0.7275 0.6785 Cronbach’s alpha 0.2725 0.89 0.84 0.83 0.62 0.82 n/a 0.735 0.723 0.7122 0.6051 0.8151 0.5336 0.4041 0.603 0.5391 0.477 0.5818 0.4432 0.3617 0.5465 0.5921 0.5995 0.3256 0.6092 0.2663 0.7021 0.0647 ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) (Original work published in 1977) ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX: TABLE A1 Factor Scales for Primary Advisor-Types (Rotated Matrix) Variable Affective Instrumental Primary Primary Advisor Advisor Intellectual Primary Advisor Exploitative Available Primary Primary Advisor Advisor Respectful Primary Advisor a13a Are available to me when I need help with my research a13b Are available to me when I need to talk about my program and my progress in the program 0.822 0.6819 a13c Treat my ideas with respect 0.1078 a13d Give me regular and constructive feedback on my research 0.5646 0.4182 0.3468 a13e Teach me the details of good research practice a13f Provide me with information about ongoing research relevant to my work a13g Teach me survival skills for this field 0.4721 0.6563 0.6255 0.5394 0.6328 0.4488 a13h Help me secure funding for my graduate studies a13i Help me develop professional relationships with others in the field a13j Assist me in writing presentation or publications a13k Teach me to write grant and contract proposals a13l Advocate for me with others when necessary a13m Provide emotional support when I need it 0.7354 0.7011 0.7439 0.5795 0.8067 a13n Are sensitive to my needs a13o Take an interest in my personal life a13p Have my best interests at heart a13q Care about me as a whole person, not just as a scholar a13r Provide direct assessments of my progress 0.6836 a13s Would support me in any career path I choose 0.4794 a13t See me as a source of labor to advance his/her research a13u Expect me to work so many hours that it is difficult for me to have a life outside of school -0.7243 -0.6234 a13v Give me regular and constructive feedback on my progress towards degree completion 0.7569 a13w Provide information about career paths open to me 0.4266 a13x Solicits my input on matters of teaching and research Cronbach’s alpha 0.4436 0.88 0.83 0.82 0.62 0.8 n/a ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX: TABLE A2 Factor Scales for Secondary Advisor-Types (Rotated Matrix) Variable Affective Instrumental Secondary Secondary Advisor Advisor Intellectual Secondary Advisor Exploitative Secondary Advisor Available Secondary Advisor Respectful Secondary Advisor a13a Are available to me when I need help with my research a13b Are available to me when I need to talk about my program and my progress in the program a13c Treat my ideas with respect a13d Give me regular and constructive feedback on my research a13e Teach me the details of good research practice a13f Provide me with information about ongoing research relevant to my work a13g Teach me survival skills for this field a13h Help me secure funding for my graduate studies a13i Help me develop professional relationships with others in the field a13j Assist me in writing presentation or publications a13k Teach me to write grant and contract proposals a13l Advocate for me with others when necessary a13m Provide emotional support when I need it a13n Are sensitive to my needs a13o Take an interest in my personal life a13p Have my best interests at heart a13q Care about me as a whole person, not just as a scholar a13r Provide direct assessments of my progress a13s Would support me in any career path I choose a13t See me as a source of labor to advance his/her research a13u Expect me to work so many hours that it is difficult for me to have a life outside of school a13v Give me regular and constructive feedback on my progress towards degree completion a13w Provide information about career paths open to me a13x Solicits my input on matters of teaching and research 0.7275 0.6785 Cronbach’s alpha 0.2725 0.89 0.84 0.83 0.62 0.82 n/a 0.735 0.723 0.7122 0.6051 0.8151 0.5336 0.4041 0.603 0.5391 0.477 0.5818 0.4432 0.3617 0.5465 0.5921 0.5995 0.3256 0.6092 0.2663 0.7021 0.0647 ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(5) mine, frequency is 1. Eg.
a) As a result, the research literature does not rise to the practical significance of capital spending on higher educa- tion, which includes: the substantial gross spending on higher education capital projects, the sizeable share of higher education projects of all state capital spending, and the variation in the process used to deter- mine capital spending as compared to general appropriations for higher education, which seemingly leads to a more political process for capital expenditures. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)

(6) us, frequency is 26. Eg.
a) Standardizing both the independent and the dependent vari- ables and reporting the standardized regression coefficients allowed us ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼346 The Journal of Higher Education to compare the relative contribution of each of the independent vari- ables and to compare results across the two models, thereby allowing us to draw conclusions about how each variable may affect capital and general fund expenditures for higher education differently. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)
b) This cer- tainly does not allow us to draw on our strengths and the syllabi are so out of date, it is just bad teaching, but what can I do? (Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2)

(7) our, frequency is 159. Eg.
a) ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼ ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discussion of Findings Capital and General Fund Appropriations 347 the results from our analysis suggest convergence and divergence of the determinants of state spending on higher education between the general expenditures and capital spending models. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)
b) Zhao et al (2007) found a “career development” type which corresponds exactly to our “instrumental” advisor type. (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )

(8) the author, frequency is 3. Eg.
a) The author thanks Susanne Lohmann, James DeNardo, José Luis Santos, Laura Perna, and Brad Curs for their comments on earlier drafts. (The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)
b) The views expressed in this article are those of the author and not the U. (Fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(9) the writer, frequency is 0

Evidentials

(1) differ/differs/differed, frequency is 17. Eg.
a) , the lab setting versus in- dividual meetings) that pattern interactions between faculty and gradu- ate students, advisor support may differ along discipline lines (Austin, 2002; Golde & Walker, 2006). (Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 )
b) Table 1 describes the vari- ables in our analysis and indicates where mean values differed between persisting and nonpersisting students (p < 0.05). (Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6)

(2) represent/represented/represents/representing, frequency is 65. Eg.
a) the b coefficients represent the results using the raw scores, and the Beta coefficients represent the results using the z-scores (tandberg, 2010a). (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)
b) Our fixed-effects model may be specified as (Equation 1): OLS Fixed Effects Model yst =a+b1pst +b2hst +b3est +τt +δs +vst (1) where y is the dependent variables; a is the intercept coefficient; pst rep- resents the vector for the various political variables; hst represents the vector for the various higher education control variables; est represents the vector for the various economic and demographic control variables; τt represents the year effects; δs represents the state effects; vst is the pure residual; s and t are indices for individual states and time; and b1, b2, and b3 represent the coefficients associated with the variables in- cluded in each vector. (The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3)