TITLE: The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3

￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Erik C. Ness David A. Tandberg
The Determinants of state spending on Higher education: How Capital Project Funding Differs from General Fund Appropriations
Our fixed-effects panel data analysis of state spending on higher education fills a near void of studies examining capital expenditures on higher education. In our study, we found that political characteristics (e.g., interest group activity, organizational structure, and formal powers) largely account for differences between general fund and capital appropriations for higher education.
State funding for higher education remains a perennial topic of interest for higher education researchers. in this decade alone, dozens of studies have examined factors associated with state appropriations for higher education, with emphasis on the role of politics (McLendon, Hearn, & Mohker, 2009; Tandberg, 2010a, 2010b), tax support for higher educa- tion (Archibald & Feldman, 2006), the balance wheel effect (Delaney & Doyle, 2007), differences in funding among research universities (Weerts & Ronca, 2006), and state financial aid spending (Doyle, 2010; Rizzo, 2007). Yet nearly all of this research activity has considered only the general fund appropriations to higher education rather than other streams of state funding, such as capital expenditures. Indeed, the em- pirical examination of state funding for higher education capital proj-
Erik C. Ness is an Assistant Professor in the Institute of Higher Education at the Uni- versity of Georgia; eness@uga.edu. David A. Tandberg is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Educational Leadership and Policy Studies at Florida State University; dtandberg@fsu.edu.
The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 3 (May/June) copyright © 2013 by the ohio State University
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼330 The Journal of Higher Education
ects is virtually nonexistent. As a result, the research literature does not rise to the practical significance of capital spending on higher educa- tion, which includes: the substantial gross spending on higher education capital projects, the sizeable share of higher education projects of all state capital spending, and the variation in the process used to deter- mine capital spending as compared to general appropriations for higher education, which seemingly leads to a more political process for capital expenditures.
the gross higher education capital spending for all 50 states totaled $10.3 billion in 2009, which is 13 percent of state general fund appro- priations (NASBO, 2010). This annual expenditure on capital projects equates to nearly $700 per student enrolled in a public higher educa- tion institution.1 Analysts, however, rarely account for this significant state subsidy in their examinations of state higher education finance. In fact, much more scholarly attention has been paid to states’ per-student spending on need- and merit-based scholarship (e.g., college Board, 2011; Heller, 2002) and the implications on a range of higher educa- tion objectives and missions. yet states spent roughly the same amount in 2009 ($10.3 billion) on higher education capital expenditures and on student financial aid (NASBO, 2010; NASSGAP, 2010). Granted, capi- tal spending on higher education has a far less direct impact on college affordability and access than student financial aid. Nevertheless, with the same level of increasingly scarce state resources being allocated to higher education capital projects, an empirical examination of these ex- penditures seems long overdue.
in addition to the gross amount of state capital spending, higher edu- cation as a sector represents a significant share of state capital expendi- tures. other than transportation, higher education represents the largest sector for state capital projects, which despite a 2.5 percent decrease in 2009, represents slightly more than 12 percent of total state capital spending (NaSBo, 2010). moreover, in the aggregate, states spend more than five times as much on higher education capital projects as they do on corrections, which received $1.81 billion in 2009 (NASBO, 2010). in many states, higher education’s share of all capital projects is even more pronounced than the national averages. the Utah System of Higher Education, for example, manages two-thirds of all state-owned facilities (walthers, 2000). in fact, higher education’s large share of total state capital spending may be based on the often different fund- ing process for capital expenditures than for general appropriations to higher education.
across the states, higher education capital funding decisions appear to be much less reliant on systematic processes than general fund ap-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Capital and General Fund Appropriations 331
propriations and thus may be more susceptible to political influences. General fund appropriations are more often formula-driven and incre- mental; by comparison, state capital expenditure processes vary more widely and are less likely to be formula-driven and guided by statewide master plans (Manns, 2003; Manns & Katsinas, 2006; Potter, 2006). Ac- cording to manns’ (2003) survey of state capital budgeting practices, for instance, fewer than 20 percent of states use funding formulas for higher education capital projects. the capital funding process also dif- fers by revenue source, especially since many states rely on bond initia- tives to fund higher education capital. NaSBo (2010) has indicated that 30 percent of capital projects are funded through state or local bonds. although such bond initiatives have been shown to generate stronger public support than social morality initiatives (such as those dealing with the use of race and ethnicity in admissions decisions), reliance on “direct democracy” for funding support would seem to be much more volatile than general fund appropriations to higher education (mclen- don & Eddings, 2002).
Although this variation in capital expenditure procedures seems to emphasize political influences, studies of higher education general fund appropriations have shown political factors related to party control, or- ganizational structure, and interest group activity to be significant deter- minants of state spending for higher education (Archibald & Feldman, 2006; McLendon, Hearn, & Mohker, 2009; Tandberg, 2010a, 2010b). anecdotal and empirical evidence, however, has suggested that political factors may guide state capital spending as well. As an example, New hampshire higher education supporters successfully embarked on “an all-out grass-roots campaign for the university system to wring a record $100 million in capital funds” (curry, 2001, p. a20). on the other hand, the more recent account of a western michigan University capital proj- ect already underway not being included among the final legislative bill approving 23 higher education capital projects implies a political deci- sion-making process (carlson, 2010). inspired in part by these observa- tions, we empirically examined capital spending for higher education (Tandberg & Ness, 2011) and found that, indeed, many of the political factors that previous research has found to be associated with general fund spending are also associated with capital funding. yet far fewer of the non-political variables (e.g., demographic and economic character- istics of the state) were shown to influence capital spending compared to recent studies examining general fund spending on higher education (Tandberg & Ness, 2011). Although our earlier study suggests a stronger political influence on capital spending, our model was limited to capital expenditures, so we could not directly compare the explanatory power
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼332 The Journal of Higher Education
of political and non-political variables to general appropriations for higher education.
Indeed, higher education researchers have rarely examined how de- terminants differ by revenue distribution. that is, are factors associated with state general fund appropriations different from those associated with capital expenditures? Although some studies have shown variables’ differing impact on state funding and tuition prices (e.g., hearn, Gris- wold, & Marine, 1996; Koshal & Koshal, 2000), we are not aware of any studies that account for differences between two pools of state in- stitutional funding. Such an examination seems appropriate for capital spending and general appropriations, especially given the similarities (the same campuses and systems vie to maximize state expenditures) and the differences (general fund appropriations are more often for- mula-driven and incremental whereas state processes vary more widely for capital spending).
thus, our current study aimed to directly compare the determinants of state spending on general fund appropriations and capital expendi- tures for higher education. This examination fills a void in the research not only related to capital spending but also in comparing how factors might differently influence two state funding processes. After review- ing the literature that serves to conceptually and empirically ground our study and outlining our research design, we report findings highlighting the differences in factors and their magnitude between general fund and capital appropriations.
Conceptual Framework
three strands of literature inform our study and are presented here. first, we discuss two classic theoretical perspectives from the social sciences—new institutionalism and institutional rational choice—that our study fundamentally draws on. Second, we review the modest and largely descriptive literature dealing directly with state higher education capital spending, which points to the influence primarily of political fac- tors, but also includes factors related to states’ economic, demographic, and higher education system characteristics. third, we summarize the spate of recent empirical studies related to overall state spending for higher education with particular attention to how these studies measure state spending and to the variables shown to be significant predictors. then, given our study’s emphasis on comparing capital and overall state spending, we review higher education studies with research designs that examine multiple policy or funding outcomes. Finally, we synthesize the broader conceptual framework with the empirical findings related
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Capital and General Fund Appropriations 333 to state higher education spending to outline our analytic approach to
examine the differences between general fund and capital spending.
Theoretical Perspectives
The conceptual underpinning of our examination of state spending on higher education is new institutionalism and institutional rational choice. according to new institutionalism, social outcomes or policy decisions are not only driven by actor behavior and optimization as ad- vanced by rational choice theory but are also a result of institutional features (March & Olson, 1984; Shepsle, 1989). Within this framework, “institutions” are broadly defined to include the formal and informal rules, norms, and strategies of an organization; shared concepts used by actors in repetitive situations; the formal organizations and structures of government and public service; and patterns of behavior, negative norms, and constraints (Ostrom, 2007).
ostrom has advanced a related perspective merging rational choice and new institutionalism: institutional rational choice (Kiser & Ostrom, 1982; Ostrom, 2007). Institutional rational choice argues that actions (or policy decisions) are a function of attributes of the individual and attributes of the decision situation. Based on assumptions of bounded rationality, the attributes of individuals (in the case of this study, policy makers) account for actors’ values, beliefs, information-gathering ca- pabilities, and the internal mechanisms used to decide upon strategies (Ostrom, 2007). For studies of state spending on higher education, attri- butes of the individual could include measures related to policy makers, including their political party affiliation and the formal powers of their office. Attributes of the decision situation would include characteristics of the political setting, such as interest group activity, and of the elec- torate, such as citizen ideology and voter turnout. according to kiser and Ostrom (1982), the decision situation also includes attributes of the community or environment, which for state higher education spending would include characteristics of the higher education setting, including structures (e.g., statewide governance, funding mechanism) and relevant trends (e.g., enrollment, tuition rates, private giving). mechanisms of the broader state-level environment, such as economic and demographic characteristics, would also fit within the decision situation, or “action arena” (Ostrom, 2007).
although differences in the determinants of capital and general fund appropriations were the primary interest for our study, the new insti- tutionalism perspective serves to undergird our model specification as it did, at least implicitly, the previous empirical examinations of state spending on higher education. the measures included in our model of
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼334 The Journal of Higher Education
state higher education spending for capital projects and general funds are fundamentally guided by new institutionalism and institutional ra- tional choice. Given our emphasis on comparisons between these two funding decisions and the relative lack of attention to state higher edu- cation capital expenditures, our study is also informed by the descrip- tive and empirical trends reviewed below.
Capital Spending on Higher Education
despite the modest empirical literature on state-funded higher edu- cation capital projects, the National association of State Budget of- ficers (NASBO) annual reports show that capital spending for higher education represents the overwhelming share of all state education capi- tal projects because k–12 school construction is most often funded at the local level. according to NaSBo, state higher education capital expenditures include new construction, land purchases, infrastructure projects, major repairs and improvements, and the acquisition of major equipment and existing structures. These funds are considered separate from general fund expenditures for higher education, which are tradi- tionally provided through the normal appropriations process to support the general operations of colleges and universities. in addition to their annual reports with information on capital expenditures and overall state spending for higher education, NASBO (1999) compiled a report summarizing state capital spending, planning, reporting, financing, and asset management based on questionnaires completed by state budget officers. The report offers “good practices” for each of these areas and includes 30 tables with data from all 50 states on topics ranging from the organization of the capital budget (in 23 states, capital requests come from the higher education sector), the oversight of capital proj- ects (26 states have central state agencies to oversee and manage capital projects), cost estimating methods (29 states consider life-cycle costs), and changes in the capital planning process (31 states made signifi- cant changes between 1997–1999). The tabular material in the NASBO (1999) report illustrates the variation between states on how capital ex- penditures are determined and managed. perhaps as a result, the recom- mendations throughout the report call on states to develop and utilize systematic processes and to maintain centralized oversight for capital projects.
Three additional survey projects specifically examined public higher education capital expenditures. During fiscal year 1998–99, Manns (2003) surveyed chief fiscal officers of state higher education agencies in 41 states on their capital budgeting practices. Manns and Katsinas (2006) conducted a follow-up survey in 2003 with responses from 40
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Capital and General Fund Appropriations 335
states. In a separate survey project on behalf of the Texas Council of public University presidents and chancellors, potter (2006) collected survey data from 37 states and more extensive data on the capital fund- ing models of five states: California, Connecticut, Illinois, Pennsylva- nia, and washington. Survey results from all three projects corrobo- rate the variation of capital budget processes described in the NaSBo (1999) report. In particular, these studies show capital spending pro- cesses to be less reliant than general appropriations on funding formulas and on statewide master planning. according to potter’s (2006) study, for example, only 11 of the 37 states indicated that state master plans included capital spending.
In the earliest study we are aware of to directly compare capital ex- penditures and general fund appropriations for higher education, white and Musser (1978) examined the effect of business cycles on state gov- ernment spending and found that state capital spending for higher edu- cation was more elastic relative to personal income than general fund appropriations. Moreover, state higher education expenditures in gen- eral were more elastic than any other state expenditure area. These find- ings appear to lend further support to the balance wheel trend, which seems to be exacerbated for capital spending. The 2008 NASBO report, for example, shows a 20 percent increase in higher education capital ex- penditures compared to only a 7 percent increase in overall state higher education spending. the most recent NaSBo (2010) report projects an 11 percent decrease in higher education capital spending and a slight (0.8 percent) increase for overall higher education spending. however, delaney and doyle (2010), analyzing 20 years of panel data with state and year fixed effects, found that higher education capital spending followed a U-shaped curve rather than the S-shaped curve associated with the balance wheel effect on overall higher education spending. So, states spent more on capital projects during the best and worst fiscal climates. Their study also found no evidence of political influences, as measured by voter turnout, proportion of Republicans in the legislature, and political party of governor.
Notwithstanding Delaney and Doyle’s (2010) recent findings, the vol- atility of higher education capital spending has been largely attributed to political characteristics and to the funding process. in a study of all state capital expenditures, including higher education, Poterba (1995) found that having separate capital budgets, rather than lumping capital funding with general fund appropriations, resulted in nearly a one-third increase in education capital spending. Olivas’s (1984, 1990) examina- tion of state higher education governance reform in ohio, which was sparked by the statewide coordinating board’s inequitable distribution
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼336 The Journal of Higher Education
of capital expenditures, shows that these state capital disbursements were overwhelmingly political. olivas attributed the creation of a state higher education coordinating board largely to the inequitable distribu- tion of state higher education capital spending and the attendant campus competition for these scarce resources (as compared to peer states). our recent empirical examination of state capital funding (Tandberg & Ness, 2011) corroborates these earlier findings. As a measure of the funding process, we found that states with formula funding for higher educa- tion general fund appropriations were associated with increased higher education capital spending. an overwhelmingly share of the variance in state capital expenditures for higher education, however, was due to political factors, such as the ratio of higher education interest groups, the professionalization of legislatures, and the competitiveness of legis- lators’ districts. These political factors have also been commonly exam- ined in research on state higher education general fund appropriations and are central to the current study’s comparison of higher education capital and general fund expenditures.
State Spending on Higher Education
A steady stream of research examining state spending for higher edu- cation has shown funding levels to be associated with state-level eco- nomic, demographic, and higher education system characteristics (e.g., Hossler, Lund, Ramin, Westfall, & Irish, 1997; Kane, Orszag, & Gunter, 2003; Lowry, 2001; Peterson, 1976) and more recently has included political characteristics (e.g., Archibald & Feldman, 2006; McLendon, Hearn, & Mokher, 2009; Tandberg, 2010a, 2010b). Overwhelmingly, however, these studies have relied on overall measures of state spend- ing on higher education rather than distinguishing between general ap- propriations, financial aid, and capital projects. Trostel and Ronca’s (2009) “unified measure,” which accounts for state income, population, and high school graduates in addition to state higher education funding, serves as an exception but is still based on overall state spending rather than disaggregating between general appropriations and capital projects, for example.
indeed, most studies of state spending on higher education have used one of two dependent variables—both of which deal solely with gen- eral fund appropriations: higher education share of total appropriations (e.g., Delaney & Doyle, 2007; Okunade, 2004; Rizzo, 2007; Tandberg, 2010a) or higher education appropriations per $1,000 personal income (e.g., Archibald & Feldman, 2006; Kane et al., 2003; McLendon, Hearn, & Mohker, 2009; Tandberg, 2010b). The results of these studies are fairly consistent irrespective of different measures for state spending
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Capital and General Fund Appropriations 337
on higher education. favorable state economic conditions such as low unemployment rates and high gross state product, for example, have been found to be associated with increased higher education spending (McLendon, Hearn, & Mohker, 2009; Rizzo, 2007; Tandberg, 2010a). Studies have also generally found support for the balance wheel hypoth- esis (Hovey, 1999) that higher education competes for state appropria- tions with other sectors, such as K–12 education (Toutkoushian & Hol- lis, 1998) and health care (Delaney & Doyle, 2007; Kane et al., 2003; Okunade, 2004; Tandberg, 2010b). Political determinants, including Democratic Party control of legislatures and/or governors, strong gov- ernors’ powers, and higher levels of legislative professionalism, have been found to be associated with increased state spending on higher education (Archibald & Feldman, 2006; McLendon, Hearn, & Mohker, 2009; Rizzo, 2007; Tandberg, 2010a, 2010b). Taken together, these ex- aminations of state higher education spending undergird our analysis of general fund appropriations and, in the absence of a similarly robust lit- erature, of capital spending on higher education.
Rationale for Comparative Research Design
although no studies have directly compared determinants of capital and general fund appropriations for higher education, there are a few education studies that have examined multiple policy or funding out- comes. For example, one of the most common comparative approaches to study higher education finance has been to use single models to ex- amine influences on general appropriations and tuition levels (Hearn, Griswold, & Marine, 1996; Hossler et al., 1997; Koshal & Koshal, 2000). Breaking from the tradition of examining general fund appropri- ations, Hearn et al. (1996) examined the impact of social and economic resources, state higher education governance structures, and geographic region (which is shown to have the most consistent influence) on tu- ition and fee levels and state financial aid spending. Koshal and Koshal (2000), by contrast, examined the relationship between state appropria- tions and tuition and found them to be interdependent—with appropria- tions affecting tuition, as is conventionally understood, and tuition influ- encing appropriations, specifically through the associations of median family income and out-of-state student enrollment.
In addition to these examples of funding outcomes, McLendon, Hearn, and Deaton’s (2006) study of the adoption of state finance poli- cies serves as another compelling example of a comparative research design. their event history analysis of the spread of accountability poli- cies essentially used the same research design for the adoption of three related yet distinct accountability policies: performance funding, perfor-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼338 The Journal of Higher Education
mance budgeting, and performance reporting. The final policy did not yield significant results, but their analysis found that two independent variables (statewide governance structure and percent Republican in legislature) affected the adoption of two policy outcomes in different directions. they argued that the seemingly subtle policy differences be- tween performance funding and performance budgeting were, in fact, substantively different, so we should not be surprised that variables af- fect adoption differently. for state higher education spending, it seems quite possible that the same variables would yield substantively differ- ent results as determinants of capital and general fund expenditures on higher education.
Drawing on studies related to state higher education finance, we frame this examination as an exploratory study of the differences be- tween general fund appropriations and capital spending. with such little scholarly attention paid to determinants of capital spending on higher education, we relied on the new institutionalism conceptual grounding to guide our selection of variables related to political, economic, de- mographic, and higher education system characteristics that have been tested in many of the recent studies reviewed above (e.g., archibald & Feldman, 2006; Lowry, 2001; McLendon, Hearn, & Mohker, 2009; Rizzo, 2007; Tandberg, 2010a, 2010b). Thus, rather than identifying two models with distinct measures to analyze capital spending and gen- eral fund appropriations separately, our study used the same measures and focused primarily on the differences in significance, direction, and magnitude between the two models. also, instead of presenting hypoth- eses for all independent variables in both models, below we outline what our expectations were of the differences in how the blocks of vari- ables—economic and demographic, higher education system, and politi- cal—would influence funding for general fund and capital expenditures. Couched in terms of institutional rational choice, we expected these dif- ferences based on the attributes of different “decision situations” (kiser & Ostrom, 1982) or “action arenas” (Ostrom, 2007). Put simply, we ex- pected that economic and demographic characteristics and higher edu- cation system characteristics would have a greater impact on general fund appropriations than capital spending. we based this primarily on the fewer structural influences on the capital funding process (Manns, 2003; Manns & Katsinas, 2006; Potter, 2006). Conversely, we expected the political block of variables to explain more of the variance for capi- tal expenditures. Below we briefly discuss our parsimonious selection of variables that constitute each block and outline examples of how these variables might differ between models. we detail more informa-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Capital and General Fund Appropriations 339
tion about variable construction and analytic techniques in the research design section to follow.
Political Block of Variables. consistent with new institutionalism and institutional rational choice, and as suggested by mclendon and Hearn (2007), we incorporated a series of state-level political indica- tors. In fact, the McLendon and Hearn (2007) framework cites each of the seven variables that constitute the political block. according to the institutional rational choice framework (Kiser & Ostrom, 1982; Ostrom, 2007), four of these variables relate to attributes of the individual actor or policy maker (budgetary powers of governor, legislative profession- alism, and political party of the governor and legislature). consistent with previous studies, we expected that actors with Democratic Party affiliation would be disposed toward increased spending on higher edu- cation general funds and capital projects. Likewise, we expected that greater gubernatorial powers and higher levels of legislative profession- alism would be associated with increased analytic capacity available to actors that would also be associated with increased general fund and capital expenditures for higher education. As an example of a political variable that we hypothesized to differ in magnitude between models, we expected that more professionalized legislatures would have an even greater effect on higher education capital spending due to these state houses’ increased analytic capacity to formalize capital budget pro- cesses, thereby allocating more resources to capital projects.
the remaining three measures relate to the attributes of the decision setting (higher education interest groups, political ideology, and voter turnout). These variables are also widely used in higher education fi- nance studies (e.g., Archibald & Feldman, 2006; Delaney & Doyle, 2010; McLendon, Hearn, & Mokher, 2009; Rizzo, 2007; Tandberg, 2010a, 2010b). the political ideology and voter turnout measures re- late to attributes of the electorate shown to influence policy decisions. We expected that state electorates with more conservative ideology and higher voter turnout would spend less on the higher education general fund and capital projects.
finally, due to differences in attributes of the decision situation (i.e., capital expenditures and general fund appropriations), we expected that states’ higher education interest group ratio to non-higher education lob- bying would have a greater impact on capital spending since these proj- ects are less likely than general fund appropriations to be generated by formulas and thereby more susceptible to political influence. In fact, as Ostrom (2007) indicated, this may be due to the possibility of institu- tions “free riding” during the general fund action decision situation. in
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼340 The Journal of Higher Education
the capital spending decision situation, institutions may be more likely to advocate directly for campus-level capital project.
Higher Education Block of Variables. the variables included in the higher education block relate to attributes of the decision situations (Kiser & Ostrom, 1982; Ostrom, 2007). This block of six variables include four that are commonly included in higher education finance studies (e.g., Lowry, 2001; McLendon, Hearn, & Mokher, 2009; Rizzo, 2007)—higher education governance structure, enrollment (total and percent two-year), and tuition costs. consistent with our conten- tion that the higher education block of variables would hold greater explanatory power for general fund appropriations, we expected that higher total enrollment, lower proportion of students enrolled in two- year colleges, and higher tuition would have a stronger impact on gen- eral fund than capital expenditures. With regard to governance struc- ture, we expected that states with consolidated governing boards would have a negative impact on both general funds and capital expenditures but would more negatively affect capital fund—despite findings from studies that suggest these centralized structures protect the interests of their “academic cartels” (McLendon, Hearn, & Deaton, 2006; Zumeta, 1996). Due to the relative lack of systematic procedures driving capital expenditures, we hypothesized that more decentralized higher educa- tion governance arrangements may be better suited to maximize capital expenditures. Moreover, as the institutional rational choice framework suggests, the attributes of the environment affect the general fund and capital expenditures differently because capital projects are fundamen- tally more connected to individual campuses whereas general funds are often appropriated in a block grant for the higher education system to distribute.
our model also includes two additional variables that seem especially relevant to this comparative study—use of funding formulas for gen- eral appropriations and giving to public universities, which cheslock and Gianneschi (2008) found to be associated with higher general fund appropriations. our previous studies have found funding formulas to be associated with increased general fund appropriations (tandberg, 2010a, 2010b) and both funding formulas and private giving to be associated with higher capital spending (Tandberg & Ness, 2011). Because higher education capital projects in many states follow separate budget pro- cesses, we expected that states with funding formulas for general expen- ditures would have less influence on capital spending for higher educa- tion than for general fund appropriations.
Economic and Demographic Block of Variables. as with the other blocks of variables, the four variables included in the higher education block relate to attributes of the decision situations (Kiser & Ostrom,
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Capital and General Fund Appropriations 341
1982; Ostrom, 2007) and are all commonly included in higher educa- tion finance studies (e.g., Lowry, 2001; McLendon, Hearn, & Mokher, 2009; Rizzo, 2007; Tandberg, 2010a, 2010b)—proportion of population older than 65, income inequality, unemployment, and share of state gen- eral fund to Medicaid. Studies that examine the state share of appro- priations (e.g., Delaney & Doyle, 2007; Rizzo, 2007; Tandberg, 2010b) have consistently found increased state spending on health care to be associated with lower higher education expenditures. Based on the often separate capital funding processes, we expected this impact to be more pronounced for general fund expenditures. Indeed, because the attri- butes of the decision situation for general fund expenditures are better established through empirical examination than attributes of the capital spending decision situation, our overarching expectation was that non- political variables would have greater explanatory power for the general fund appropriations than for capital expenditures.
Research Design
This study examined the determinants of both state general fund ex- penditures and capital spending for higher education between 1988 and 2004. In an earlier study, we highlighted the impact of political vari- ables on state capital spending (Tandberg & Ness, 2011). The findings from that study, the theoretical frameworks discussed above, and previ- ous work on predicting state appropriations for higher education led us to develop the more refined model of state support for higher education that we present in this article and use to predict both state capital expen- ditures for higher education and state general funds for higher educa- tion. the current model includes only the primary variables of interest (those variables that have repeatedly been shown to affect state finance decisions for higher education). the three blocks of variables are: politi- cal, higher education, and economic and demographic. the years cov- ered, and the independent variables included, in each equation are ex- actly the same, which allows for comparability. in instances where data were not available for a particular year (i.e., voter participation data are only available every other year), data from the previous year were re- peated to cover the missing year.2 this is consistent with similar studies of state higher education spending and policy decisions (e.g., mclen- don, Hearn, & Mokher, 2009; McLendon, Heller, & Young, 2005; Tand- berg, 2010a, 2010b). table 1 provides a list of all the variables included in this study and their descriptive statistics.3 Appendix A includes a de- scription of each of the variables, their sources, and their construction. Below we discuss in greater detail the dependent variables and several of the independent variables.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼taBlE 1 Summary Statistics
variable mean
Std. dev. min
Max 1988
percent change 2004 (1988–2004)
Log State Capital Expenditures for Higher Ed
Log State General Fund Expenditures for Higher Ed
3.98 1.39 0.00 6.43 1.03 4.03
7.34 3.49 9.01 6.43
4.21 20.79 6.44 0.20
Budget power of Gov
higher Ed interest Ratio political ideology
log leg professionalism
party of the Governor (1 = dem) party of legislature (% dem) voter turnout (%)
3.99 1.31 0.00
7.00 3.91
4.08 4.35
higher Ed Governance Structure (1 = consolidated governing board) % Enroll 2-year higher Ed (%)
total Enrollment
funding formula (1 = yes)
0.47 0.50 0.00 30.70 14.00 0.00 294,440 343,188 26,540 0.63 0.48 0.00 7.33 0.87 2.90 1.05 0.37 0.08
1.00 0.44 62.90 28.94
0.48 9.09 31.03 7.20 343,146 32.68 0.58 -19.44 7.66 116.79 1.28 57.15
log Giving to higher Ed per ftE log average tuition
2,474,024 258,621 1.00 0.72 9.99 6.73 2.31 0.81
percent Elderly (%) income inequality
13.36 2.12 4.14 0.43 0.03 0.36 5.34 1.53 2.20
19.92 13.18 0.52 0.41 12.00 6.27 33.65 7.90
12.53 -4.97 0.45 8.63 5.17 -17.66
Unemployment Rate (%)
Share of State Spending on medicaid (%)
14.50 26.10 0.00
16.30 107.42
0.05 0.04 0.01 48.63 14.41 8.45 9.82 1.05 3.36 0.48 0.49 0.00 54.62 15.74 11.43 43.99 11.17 3.50
0.33 0.06 95.83 56.38 11.49 9.75
0.04 -35.76 49.32 -12.52 9.78 7.46 0.44 -17.91 49.78 -16.94 54.62 46.36
1.00 0.54 90.08 59.93 71.80 37.32
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Capital and General Fund Appropriations 343 Dependent Variables
To measure state capital expenditures for higher education and state general fund expenditures for higher education, we used National As- sociation of State Budget Officers (NASBO) data from 1988 to 2004. NASBO distinguishes between federal capital dollars that flow through state houses and actual state capital expenditures and also allows states to correct previously reported data. the ability to correct previously reported data is important, as capital projects frequently exceed pro- jected costs and often take longer to complete than anticipated. only the corrected data were used in our study. additionally, NaSBo dis- tinguishes between general fund expenditures and state capital expen- ditures. Employing measures from the same data source is important in order to compare results across models. other sources either do not report capital expenditures, separate federal dollars from state dollars, or do not allow for corrected data. we used the natural log of both state capital and general fund expenditures because neither follows a normal distribution.
Independent Variables
Some of the political variables deserve specific mention in regard to their construction beyond what is provided in Appendix A. All finan- cial data were adjusted for inflation. The higher education finance data were adjusted by the higher Education cost adjustment developed by ShEEo.4 All other financial data were adjusted using the Consumer Price Index for all urban consumers (CPI-U).
Budgetary powers of the governor was measured using a times series index developed by Tandberg (2010a) that closely resembles the cross sectional index developed by Barrilleaux and Berkman (2003). It is a scale of 0 to 7 and includes data from 1976–2004 across all 50 states. the items included are whether state agencies make requests directly to the governor or to the legislature; whether the executive budget docu- ment is the working copy for legislation, the legislature can introduce budget bills of its own, or the legislature or the executive introduces another document later in the process; whether the governor can reor- ganize departments without legislative approval; whether revenue es- timates are made by the governor, the legislature, or another agency, or if the process is shared; whether revenue revisions are made by the governor, the legislature, or another agency, or if the process is shared; whether the governor has the line item veto; and whether the legislature can override the line item veto by a simple majority. Each of these has a value of 0 or 1. the sources for the data are council of State Govern-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼344 The Journal of Higher Education
ments’ The Book of the States, the National association of State Budget Officers’ Budget Processes of the States, and the National conference of State legislatures data (various years).
the higher education interest group ratio variable, introduced by tandberg (2010b), was constructed by dividing the total number of state public higher education institutions and registered non-college or non- university public higher education interest groups by the total number of interest groups in the state, minus any registered colleges and uni- versities or other registered higher education interest groups that may lobby for more money for public higher education. the interest group data were retrieved from state websites and government archives, from the council on Governmental Ethics laws (cGEl) Blue Book (various years), and from data provided by david lowery. data on the number of public institutions were retrieved from the National center for Educa- tion Statistics’ Digest of Education Statistics.
We employed Berry, Ringquist, Fording, and Hanson’s (1998) mea- sure of citizen ideology. Berry et al. identified the ideological position of each member of congress in each year using interest group ratings. Next, they estimated citizen ideology in each district (both house and senate districts) of a state using the ideology score for the district’s incumbent, the estimated score for a challenger (or hypothetical chal- lenger) to the incumbent, and election results that presumably reflect ideological divisions in the electorate. finally, they used the citizen ideology scores for each district to compute an unweighted average for the state as a whole. Berry et al. have updated their measure to cover 1960–2005.5
Consistent with previous research (Barrilleaux & Berkman, 2003; Carey, Niemi, & Powell, 2000; Fiorina, 1994; Tandberg, 2010a, 2010b), legislative professionalism was measured using legislative salary, which has been found to indicate important characteristics of the membership (Carey, Niemi, & Powell, 2000; Fiorina, 1994). The source for the data on legislative salary is the council of State Governments’ The Book of the States.
Higher education governance structures (consolidated governing board for higher education) was a dummy variable coded 1 if a state has a consolidated governing board for any given year and 0 otherwise. this dummy variable is based on mcGuinness’s (2003) typology of state higher education governance, which classifies states as: governing board states, coordinating board states, and planning/regulatory/service agency states. McGuiness then further classifies some governing board states as consolidated governing board states where all public institu- tions are governed by a single governing board. although mcGuiness’s
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Capital and General Fund Appropriations 345
typology has been operationalized in a number of ways for analytical purposes, the use of a dummy variable has become the conventional approach (e.g., McLendon, Hearn, & Mokher, 2009; Nicholson-Crotty & Meier, 2003; Tandberg, 2010a, 2010b). We followed this approach because we were specifically interested in the impact the existence of a consolidated governing board has on state higher education capital appropriations relative to general fund appropriations for higher edu- cation. the dummy variable approach is also preferable because there is no underlying continuous scale for governance and because of the unique nature of each state’s approach to higher education governance. this approach isolates the most centralized version of state governance of higher education as described by mcGuinness. data were gathered from the Education commission of the States’ (EcS) website, EcS’s State Postsecondary Education Structures Handbook, and State Post- secondary Education Profiles Handbook: 1969–2003.
Income inequality was measured using the Gini coefficient, which is a measure of inequality of a distribution and is defined as a ratio. The numerator is the area between the lorenz curve (the cumulative distri- bution function of a probability distribution) of the distribution and the uniform (perfect) distribution line; the denominator is the area under the uniform distribution line (Dorfman, 1979). The Gini coefficient is often used as an income inequality metric, which is the way it is used here. zero corresponds to perfect income equality (i.e., everyone has the same income), and 1 corresponds to perfect income inequality (i.e., one person has all the income, while everyone else has no income). the source for these data is the U.S. census Bureau’s Current Population Survey, 1977–2005.
Method
for our study, two models were employed, one to predict state gen- eral fund expenditures for higher education and the other to predict state capital expenditures for higher education. The results of each model are compared below. the variables in each model were loaded in “block mode” (political variables loaded first, followed by the higher education related variables, and finally the economic and demographic variables) in order to compare the influence of each of the categories of variables. Each model includes panel data with all fifty states from 1988 to 2004 for an n of 800.
the models were run using both raw scores and standardized scores (z-score). Standardizing both the independent and the dependent vari- ables and reporting the standardized regression coefficients allowed us
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼346 The Journal of Higher Education
to compare the relative contribution of each of the independent vari- ables and to compare results across the two models, thereby allowing us to draw conclusions about how each variable may affect capital and general fund expenditures for higher education differently. The use of raw scores allowed for interpretation in the variables’ original matrix. the b coefficients represent the results using the raw scores, and the Beta coefficients represent the results using the z-scores (tandberg, 2010a).
In order to examine the determinants of state capital and general fund expenditures for higher education and the relative impact of the various state political measures, we employed panel data with fixed effects for both state and year. The fixed effects were implemented by utilizing the Stata statistical software. Fixed effects allowed us to control for unob- servable characteristics about states and time that may affect state sup- port for higher education. Our fixed-effects model may be specified as (Equation 1):
OLS Fixed Effects Model
yst =a+b1pst +b2hst +b3est +τt +δs +vst (1)
where y is the dependent variables; a is the intercept coefficient; pst rep- resents the vector for the various political variables; hst represents the vector for the various higher education control variables; est represents the vector for the various economic and demographic control variables; τt represents the year effects; δs represents the state effects; vst is the pure residual; s and t are indices for individual states and time; and b1, b2, and b3 represent the coefficients associated with the variables in- cluded in each vector. in order to test whether the difference between the coefficients associated with significant variables across models are statistically significant, we employed two-tailed t-tests.
We used a Variance Inflation Factor (VIF) test to evaluate the multi- collinearity among the independent variables, and the results indicated that multicollinearity was not a concern (Ucla academic technology Services, 2006; Williams, 2005). Additionally, we conducted a Haus- man test to determine whether a fixed effects or random effects model would provide for a better specification for our model. The results in- dicated that there was no improvement using the random effects, so we used a fixed effects model for our multivariate analysis. For descriptive statistics, please see table 1.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discussion of Findings
Capital and General Fund Appropriations 347
the results from our analysis suggest convergence and divergence of the determinants of state spending on higher education between the general expenditures and capital spending models. Table 2 provides a summary chart of the statistically significant results for both models and reports the difference in magnitude for the eight variables that are sig- nificant determinants of general fund and capital project spending (see appendices B and c for the full results of both models). the results in Table 2 are reported as standardized regression coefficients. Therefore, the size of the coefficients for the variables can be directly compared within and across the models. Overall, the findings suggest a high level of internal validity based on similarities between models, such as that 9 out of the 10 variables significant in both models are significant in the same direction. Likewise, each model has the same number of signifi- cant variables (11). Our findings also reveal differences between the ef- fect of the variables from all three variable blocks: political, higher edu- cation, and economic and demographic. for the capital spending model, 6 of the 11 significant variables are in the political block compared to 5 of 11 significant variables in the general fund model.
The differences in the results of the two models are primarily exhib- ited in the size of the effects rather than in the direction of the effect or in the level of significance. For example, in regard to the political vari- ables, in each case where the variable is significant in both models the effect size is larger in the general fund expenditures model. The clear exception, however, is the higher education interest group ratio, which has a larger positive effect on capital expenditures.
there are three additional differences in the results from the two models. first, budget powers of the governor has a positive and sig- nificant effect on general fund expenditures but has a negative and sig- nificant effect on capital expenditures. Further, political ideology does not have a significant effect on general fund expenditures while it has a positive and significant effect on capital expenditures. Finally, the share of state spending devoted to Medicaid has a negative and significant ef- fect on general fund expenditures but not a significant effect on capital expenditures.
the difference between R-square values shows clearly that our model explains more of the variance for general fund expenditures (.58) than for capital spending (.33). this is not surprising given that we drew the variables overwhelmingly from studies of overall state higher education expenditures, so we expected a stronger model-fit with general funds.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼taBlE 2
Standardized OLS Regression Results for State General Fund and Capital Expenditures for Higher Education (fixed effects for state and year), 1988–2004
independent variables
log State
General Fund Expenditures for higher Education
log State
Capital Expenditures for higher Education
difference in Standardized Regression Coefficients
Budget power of Governor higher Ed interest Ratio political ideology
log legislative professionalism party of legislature
.093 .208
(.030)** (.035)***
-.085 (.039)* .348 (.052)*** .232 (.059)*** .129 (.047)**
-.178† -.140†
voter turnout
.382 -.356 -.242
(.034)*** (.041)*** (.040)***
-.175 (.053)*** -.145 (.052)**
.253† .181† .097†
consolidated Gov Board for higher Ed funding formula
log Giving to public Universities per ftE log tuition
-.178 .088 .231
(.031)*** (.030)** (.033)*** (.038)***
-.201 (.043)*** .202 (.039)*** .151 (.044)***
.023† -.114† .080† .063†
income inequality
Share of State Spending on medicaid
.304 -.141
(.043)*** (.025)***
.119†
R-Square .575
.327
Note. Only significant regression standardized coefficients shown: *p ≤ .05; **p ≤ .01; *** p ≤ .001. †Standardized regression coefficients statistically different from each other (two-tailed t-test), p ≤ .05.
-.244
-.307 (.052)*** .185 (.058)***
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Capital and General Fund Appropriations 349
Notwithstanding the limited guidance regarding the factors associated with state funding for capital projects, our study lends support to the anecdotal and few empirical examinations of capital spending on higher education, which highlight the strong influence of political factors.
Together the models have six significant political variables (five of which are significant in both models) and, as reported in Appendices B and c, the political block of variables account for the greatest pro- portion of R-square in both models (76% in general fund appropria- tions; 69% in capital expenditures). Although this runs counter to our expectation that politics would matter more for capital spending than for general fund expenditures, a finer analysis of differences in the politi- cal blocks of both models offers more nuanced insights. For example, as one of five political block variables with statistically significant dif- ferences between the two models, the effect of higher education inter- est groups in the capital expenditure model is more pronounced than in the general fund expenditures regression, which could be because of the less systematic process for funding capital projects. as the ratio of higher education interest groups to all interest groups in a state in- creases, it follows that the higher education lobby would be better po- sitioned to maximize its share of the state’s capital funds, which seem more susceptible to political influence.
with regard to strong budget powers of the governor, on the other hand, we found differential effects with a negative effect on capital ex- penditures and a positive effect on general fund appropriations. through the conceptual lens of institutional rational choice, this finding seems to illustrate how an attribute of the individual (structural powers of the governor) can have a varying impact based on attributes of the deci- sion setting (general fund versus capital expenditures). In fact, this dif- ference could reflect governors’ efforts to temper what might be seen as pork barrel-driven capital expenditures through their formal budget powers, such as line-item veto. The varying impact might also be ex- plained by differences in executive and legislative power in the capital and general fund appropriation process.
for instance, legislative professionalism has varying magnitudes that are contrary to our expectations as the Beta-Coefficient in the capital expenditure regression is nearly one-third smaller than in the general funds expenditure regression. The stronger effect on general fund appro- priations corroborates earlier studies on state higher education spending (McLendon, Hearn, & Mokher, 2009; Tandberg, 2010a, 2010b), which found that more professionalized legislatures are associated with greater overall spending (Squire & Hamm, 2005). Capital expenditures, how-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼350 The Journal of Higher Education
ever, seem to follow a less formulaic process and to have greater dis- trict-driven influences, which could offset more professionalized legis- latures’ enhanced analytic capacity (Squire, 2000).
with regard to party of the legislature, the results suggest that a higher share of democratic legislators is associated with reduced gen- eral fund and capital spending on higher education with a more pro- nounced effect for general fund appropriations. this runs counter to most studies that have found increased higher education spending (and overall state spending) during times of democratic party control (e.g., Archibald & Feldman, 2006; Kane et al., 2003; McLendon, Hearn, & Mokher, 2009). As Tandberg (2010a) discussed, this finding may be ex- plained by higher education competing (and losing) to other sectors tra- ditionally supported by the democratic party (e.g., health care, k–12 education). as for the reduced impact on capital spending, we suspect that this may be explained similar to the interest group finding—namely, that district support may account for capital expenditures more so than political party affiliation.
in contrast to the party control of the legislature, political ideology is significant in the expected direction for capital spending but has no significant effect on general fund appropriations. State electorates with more liberal ideology are associated with higher level of spend- ing, including capital projects. These seemingly contradictory findings between political party and ideology highlight the distinction between these two concepts and may also offer an alternative explanation for the unexpected findings related to legislative party control. That is, states with higher proportions of democratic legislators may not necessarily have more liberal political ideology, which again is measured based on state legislator voting records and the ideological rating by national in- terest groups for each member of a state’s congressional delegation. ac- cording to Gray’s (2004) Policy Liberalism Index for 2000, which is also based on ratings by national interest groups for four policy issues, southern states overwhelmingly rank as more conservative. moreover, during the time frame of our study (1988–2004), the Democratic Party held majorities in many legislatures in the southern states. So, taken together, the differences in findings in general fund appropriations re- lated to party of legislature and political ideology might be explained by the confluence of more liberal Democratic legislators’ preference for other policy sectors (i.e., health care, k–12 education) and of more conservative southern democratic legislators’ preference for reduced state spending. For capital spending, however, our findings suggest that states with more liberal ideology may prefer capital spending on higher education compared to other capital projects, such as transportation.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Capital and General Fund Appropriations 351
In addition to differences among the political variables, our findings also reveal differences between the effect of variables from the higher education and economic and demographic variable blocks. Results for general fund appropriations show six statistically significant variables from the higher education and economic and demographic blocks. there are five significant variables, four of which are in the higher education block, in the capital spending model.
With regard to the four higher education block variables significant in both models, while they are significant in the same direction, they have substantive differences in the magnitude of results for general fund appropriations and capital expenditures for higher education. As we anticipated, the greater magnitude of the higher education governance structure variable in the capital expenditures regression suggests that states with more centralized consolidated governing boards have a more pronounced negative effect on capital expenditures than on general fund spending. This could reflect the “academic cartel” nature of centralized systems to represent and to prioritize institutions’ general fund needs with a single voice for the good of the system. the appropriations pro- cess for capital expenditures, however, can be more institution driven; therefore, a consolidated governing board could serve as a more imper- vious buffer between the institutions and the legislature, thereby limit- ing the ability of institutions to secure capital funds.
Surprisingly, results for the use of funding formulas to distribute general fund appropriations indicate a larger magnitude for the capital expenditures model than for general expenditures, which suggests that capital expenditures are even more positively affected by formulaic pro- cesses for general fund distribution. perhaps the use of funding formu- las highlights the capital needs for higher education, thereby prioritizing higher education capital projects or providing legislators with further justification for funding projects in their districts. These findings sug- gest that further examination of capital fund distribution formulas is clearly warranted.
Giving to public universities, on the other hand, has a larger mag- nitude for the general fund appropriations model than for the capital spending model. This finding is consistent with Knapp’s (2002) study of state matching funds, most of which target general endowments or fac- ulty hiring initiatives rather than capital projects. increased tuition has a stronger effect on reduced spending for general fund appropriations than for capital spending. This finding is consistent with many studies of state spending on higher education (e.g., Hearn et al., 1996; Koshal & Koshal, 2000; Tandberg, 2010a, 2010b). Higher tuition is shown to be associated with decreased general and capital funds.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼352 The Journal of Higher Education
Similarly, we found two variables from the economic and demo- graphic block, with all other variables held constant between models, to be significant in the general expenditures model or the capital ex- penditures model. we found that income inequality is associated with increased general fund expenditures and capital spending. However, we found that share of state spending on Medicare has a significant nega- tive effect only on general fund expenditures. The negative relationship with general fund expenditures aligns with much of the extant work on this topic (Delaney & Doyle, 2007; Okunade, 2004). However, that this variable is not a significant predictor of state capital spending for higher education lends further support to capital expenditures as an entirely separate funding process.
taken together, the results of this study identify common founda- tional political, economic, demographic, and higher education charac- teristics to be associated with two streams of state funding for higher education. Nevertheless, we found several differences in the effect of variables between models. Thus, our study confirms many of the rela- tionships between state characteristics and higher education appropria- tions. At the same time, the difference in explanatory power of these variables between general appropriations and capital spending illus- trates how comparatively little we know about the determinants of capi- tal spending for higher education. Below we offer implications for pol- icy-practitioners and for future research to fill this void.
Conclusion
Ultimately, our study provides initial evidence suggesting that politi- cal characteristics largely influence expenditures for both general ap- propriations and capital spending for higher education. while we did not find overwhelming evidence to support our hypothesis that political factors matter more for capital spending than for general fund appro- priations for higher education, the political variables in this exploratory study clearly influence state capital expenditures on higher education.
our study also highlights the importance of cross-policy comparative studies, which have the potential to enrich our understanding of state political systems. For example, with our model explaining only one- half of the variance for capital spending than for general fund appro- priations, the results of our study highlight the need for more research examining state spending on higher education capital projects. Future studies might analyze the effect of additional measures related to politi- cal, economic, social, demographic, and education characteristics. al- though, the political variables as a group account for the majority of
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Capital and General Fund Appropriations 353
the explained variance in this model, perhaps there are further political influences that would add explanatory power. For instance, a dummy variable indicating the existence of a centralized state agency to oversee capital expenditures, as NASBO (1999) reports, would seem an appro- priate measure for the extent to which capital funds follow a systematic process.
The smaller share of variance explained by economic and demo- graphic and higher education variables, as compared to the political variable block (see Appendix B), may align with the descriptive survey analysis (e.g., Manns, 2003; Potter, 2006) that capital spending happens with comparatively little public oversight. additional research into pub- lic oversight of, and attention to, capital support for higher education might help elucidate this issue. Future studies, for example, might in- corporate measures for whether states use funding formulas for capi- tal spending. as manns’ (2003) cross-sectional survey data suggest, far fewer states utilize funding formulas to allocate capital expendi- tures (less than 20 percent) compared to general funds (more than 50 percent). Given the consistent change in capital budgeting processes (NASBO, 1999), these data collection efforts alone going back decades would be a significant contribution.
Finally, given the current fiscal environment, future studies could fur- ther examine the volatility and possible balance wheel effect (Delaney & Doyle, 2007, 2010; Hovey, 1999) on higher education capital spend- ing. in particular, the role of the federal aRRa stimulus seems to have protected states from much deeper cuts in overall state expenditures. Has this been at the expense of capital spending and the accumulation of deferred maintenance? also, given some states’ declining bond rat- ings, will states be more reluctant to fund capital projects through bond initiatives? Examining questions such as these with new measures di- rectly related to the capital spending process stand to greatly enhance our understanding of the determinants of state spending on higher edu- cation capital projects.
Notes
1 Authors’ calculations for fiscal year 2009: $10.3 billion in state capital spending (NASBO, 2010) divided by the total public higher education enrollment of 14,848,904 as reported by SREB, http://info.sreb.org/DataLibrary/tables/FB11_21.xlsx.
2 for the dependent variables, there were very few instances of missing data. in the seven seemingly random cases of missing capital expenditure data, which NASBO indi- cates could be either $0 spending on capital projects or no information reported, our re- sults are substantively unchanged whether we include $0 values or use listwise deletion.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼354 The Journal of Higher Education
3 as the data provided in table 1 indicate, the values of some variables change more frequently than others. for instance, within the time frame of this study, there were eight instances of states switching to a consolidated governing board for higher education or switching from such a board. Likewise, there were 29 instances of states either newly adopting or ending a formula funding plan for higher education.
4 See ShEEo’s (www.sheeo.org) State Higher Education Finance reports for more information on this adjustment.
5 For details on how they calculate citizen ideology in a particular state see: http:// www.bama.ua.edu/~rcfording/stateideology.html
References
Archibald, R. B., & Feldman, D. H. (2006). State higher education spending and the tax revolt. The Journal of Higher Education, 77(4), 618–644.
Barrilleaux, C., & Berkman, M. (2003). Do governors matter? Budgeting rules and the politics of state policy making. Political Research Quarterly, 56(4). 409–417.
Berry, W. D., Ringquist, E. J., Fording, R. C., & Hanson, R. L. (1998). Measuring citizen and government ideology in the American States, 1960–1993. American Journal of Po- litical Science, 41, 337–348.
Carey, J. M., Niemi, R. G., & Powell, L. W. (2000). Incumbency and the probability of reelection in state legislative elections. Journal of Politics, 62, 671–700.
Carlson, S. (2010, December 7). Western Michigan U. “got screwed” in capital bill, ad- ministrators say. Chronicle of Higher Education. Retrieved from http://chronicle. com/blogs/buildings/western-michigan-u-got-screwed-in-capital-bill-administrators- say/28178
Cheslock, J. J., & Gianneschi, M. (2008). Replacing state appropriations with alterna- tive revenue sources: the case of voluntary support. The Journal of Higher Education, 79(2), 208–229.
college Board. (2011). trends in student aid. washington, dc: author.
Curry, D. (2001, July 27). How a university system won a spurt of spending in a state
known for frugality. Chronicle of Higher Education, a20.
Delaney, J. A., & Doyle, W. R. (2007). The role of higher education in state budgets. In D. E. Heller & K. M. Shaw (Eds.), State postsecondary education research (pp. 55–76). Sterling, va: Stylus publishing.
Delaney, J. A., & Doyle, W. R. (2010). Is state spending on higher education capital out- lays and construction a balance wheel? paper prepared for the association for the Study of higher Education annual conference. indianapolis, iN.
Dorfman, R. (1979). A formula for the Gini Coefficient. The Review of Economics and Statistics, 61,146–149.
doyle, w. R. (2010). does merit-based aid “crowd out” need based aid? Research in High- er Education, 51(5), 397–415.
Fiorina, M. (1994). Divided government in the American States: A byproduct of legislative professionalism? American Political Science Review, 88, 304–316.
Gray, V. (2004). The socioeconomic and political context of the states. In V. Gray & R.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Capital and General Fund Appropriations 355 hanson (Eds.), Politics in the American States: A comparative analysis (8th ed.; pp.
1–30). washington, dc: cQ press.
Gray, V., & Lowery, D. (1999). The population ecology of interest representation: Lobby-
ing communities in the American States. ann arbor, mi: University of michigan press.
Hearn, J. C., Griswold, C. P., & Marine, G. (1996). Region, resources, and reason: A con- textual analysis of state tuition and student aid policies. Research in Higher Education, 37(3), 241–278.
Heller, D. E. (2002). The policy shift in state financial aid programs. In J. C. Smart (Ed.), Higher education: Handbook of theory and research, Vol. XVII (pp. 221–262). New york: agathon press.
Holbrook, T. M., & Van Dunk, E. (1993). Electoral competition in the American States. American Political Science Review, 87(4), 955–962.
Hossler, D., Lund, J. P., Ramin, J., Westfall, S., & Irish, S. (1997). State funding for higher education: the Sisyphean task. The Journal of Higher Education, 68(2), 160–188.
Hovey, H. A. (1999). State spending for higher education in the next decade: The battle to sustain current support. San Jose, ca: california State policy Research, inc.
Kane, T. J., Orszag, P. R., & Gunter, D. L. (2003). State fiscal constraints and higher educa- tion spending: the role of medicaid and the business cycle. discussion paper No. 11. washington, dc: the Urban institute.
Kiser, L. L., & Ostrom, E. (1982). The three worlds of action: A metatheoretical systhe- sis of institutional approaches. in E. ostrom (Ed.), Strategies of political inquiry (pp. 179–222). Beverly Hills, CA: Sage.
knapp, d. (2002). Public/private partnerships like state matching funds programs offer higher education a competitive advantage. washington, dc: association of Governing Boards (aGB).
Koshal, R. K., & Koshal, M. (2000). State appropriations and higher education tuition: what is the relationship? Education Economics, 8(1), 81–89.
lowry, R. c. (2001). Governmental structure, trustee selection, and public university pric- es and spending. American Journal of Political Science, 45(4), 845–861.
manns, d. a. (2003). an assessment of capital budgeting practices for public higher edu- cation. Planning for Higher Education, 32(2), 5–11.
Manns, D. A., & Katsinas, S. G. (2006). Capital budgeting practices in public higher edu- cation. Facilities Manager, 22(1), 36–42.
March, J. G., & Olsen, J. P. (1984). The new institutionalism: Organizational factors in political life. American Political Science Review, 78(3), 734–749.
mcGuinness, a. (2003). models of postsecondary education and governance in the States. denver, co: Education commission of the States.
McLendon, M. K., & Eddings, S. (2002). Direct democracy and higher education: The state ballot as an instrument of higher education policy making. Educational Policy, 16(1), 193–218.
McLendon, M. K., & Hearn, J. C. (2007). Incorporating political indicators into compara- tive state study of higher education policy. In D. E. Heller & K. M. Shaw (Eds.), State postsecondary education research (pp. 11–36). Sterling, va: Stylus publishing.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼356 The Journal of Higher Education
McLendon, M. K., Hearn, J. C., & Deaton, R. (2006). Called to account: Analyzing the origins and spread of state performance-accountability policies for higher education. Educational Evaluation and Policy Analysis, 28(1), 1–24.
McLendon, M. K., Hearn, J. C., & Mokher, C. G. (2009). Partisans, professionals, and power: the role of political factors in state higher education funding. The Journal of Higher Education, 80(6), 686–713.
McLendon, M. K., Heller, D. E., & Young, S. P. (2005). State postsecondary policy inno- vation: politics, competition, and the interstate migration of policy ideas. The Journal of Higher Education, 76(4), 363–400.
National Association of State Business Officers (NASBO). (1999). Capital budgeting in the states. washington, dc: author.
———. (2008). Fiscal year 2007 state expenditure report. Washington, DC: Author.
———. (2010). Fiscal year 2009 state expenditure report. Washington, DC: Author.
National Association of State Student Grant and Aid Programs (NASSGAP). (2010). 40th annual survey report 2005–2006 academic year. washington, dc: author.
Nicholson-Crotty, J., & Meier, K. J. (2003). Politics, structure, and public policy: The case of higher education. Educational Policy, 17(1), 80–97.
Okunade, A. A. (2004). What factors influence state appropriations for public higher edu- cation in the United States? Journal of Education Finance, 30(2), 123–138.
Olivas, M. A. (1984). State law and postsecondary coordination: The birth of the Ohio Board of Regents. Review of Higher Education, 7(4), 357–395.
Olivas, M. A. (1990). A legislative history of the Ohio Board of Regents. Capital Univer- sity Law Review, 19(1), 81–140.
Ostrom, E. (2007). Institutional rational choice. In P. Sabatier (Ed.), Theories of policy process (2nd ed.; pp. 21–64). Boulder, CO: Westview Press.
Peterson, R. G. (1976). Environmental and political determinants of state higher education appropriations policies. The Journal of Higher Education, 47(5), 523–542.
Poterba, J. M. (1995). Capital budgets, borrowing rules, and state capital spending. Jour- nal of Public Economics, 56, 165–187.
potter, R. (2006). Public higher education capital funding: A survey of 37 states. austin, TX: Texas Council of Public University Presidents and Chancellors.
Rizzo, M. J. (2007). State preferences for higher education spending: A panel data analy- sis, 1977–2001. In R. G. Ehrenberg (Ed.), What’s happening to public higher educa- tion? The shifting financial burden (pp. 3–35). Baltimore, md: Johns hopkins Univer- sity press.
Shepsle, K. A. (1989). Studying institutions: Some lessons from the rational choice ap- proach. Journal of Theoretical Politics, 1, 131–149.
Squire, p. (2000). Uncontested seats in state legislative elections. Legislative Studies Quarterly, 25(1), 131–146.
Squire, P., & Hamm, K. E. (2005). 101 chambers: Congress, state legislatures, and the future of legislative studies. columbus, oh: the ohio State University press.
tandberg, d. a. (2010a). politics, interest groups and state funding of public higher educa- tion. Research in Higher Education, 15(5), 416–450.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Capital and General Fund Appropriations 357 tandberg, d. a. (2010b). interest groups and governmental institutions: the politics of
state funding of public higher education. Educational Policy, 24(5), 735–778. Tandberg, D. A., & Ness, E. C. (2011). State capital expenditures for higher education:
“where the politics really happens.” Journal of Education Finance, 36(4), 394–423. Toutkoushian, R. K., & Hollis, P. (1998). Using panel data to examine legislative demand
for higher education. Education Economics, 6(2), 141–157.
Trostel, P. A., & Ronca, J. M. (2009). A simple unifying measure of state support for post-
secondary education. Research in Higher Education, 50, 215–247.
Ucla academic technology Services (2006). Stata faQ: how can i check for collinear- ity in survey regression? Retrieved from http://www.ats.ucla.edu/stat/stata/faq/svycol- lin.htm
Walthers, K. (2000). Utah square footage update. Salt Lake City, UT: Office of the Legisla- tive fiscal analyst.
Weerts, D. J., & Ronca, J. M. (2006). Examining differences in state support for higher education: a comparative study of state appropriations for Research i universities. The Journal of Higher Education, 77(6), 935–967.
White, F. C., & Musser, W. N. (1978). Business cycles and state governmental finances: implications for higher education. Higher Education, 7(2), 177–192.
Williams, R. (2005). Multicollinearity. Retrieved from http://www.nd.edu/*rwilliam/ stats2/l11.pdf
Zumeta, W. (1996). Meeting the demand for higher education without breaking the bank. The Journal of Higher Education, 67(4), 367–425.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼appENdix a
variable descriptions and Sources
variables
description
Source
Primary Dependent Variables
Natural log of State capital expenditures for higher education
National Association of State Budget Officers, State Expenditure Reports, 1986–2005
Logged State capital expenditures for higher education
Logged State general fund expendi- tures for higher education
Natural log of State general fund expenditures for higher education
National Association of State Budget Officers, State Expenditure Reports, 1986–2005
Political Variables
Index 0–7
Closely based on Barrilleaux & Berkman (2003); Council of State Gov- ernments: Book of the States: 1977–2005; National Association of State Budget Officers: Budget Processes of the States 1977–2002; National conference of State legislatures
Budgetary powers of the governor
higher education interest group ratio
total number of public institutions plus other regular higher education interests, divided by the number of interest groups minus regular higher education interests
Gray and Lowery (1999), data provided by Lowery; state government web- sites; state archives; and COGEL Blue Book; National Center for Education Statistics: Digest of Education Statistics: 1977–2005
political ideology
annual, state-level measures of citizen ideology
Berry, Ringquist, fording, and hanson via the interuniversity consortium for Political and Social Research (ICPSR #1208), ideo6004
logged legislative professionalism party of the governor
Natural log of legislative salary coded 1 if democratic governor
Council of State Governments, Book of the States: 1977–2005
party of the legislature voter turnout
percentage of democratic legislators in both houses combined (Nebraska: average of surrounding statesa)
U.S. Bureau of the census, Statistical abstract of the United States: 1977–2005
percent of eligible voters casting ballots in federal elections (both presidential and congressional). years without data (every two years), the values from the previous year are repeated.
U.S. Bureau of the census, Statistical abstract of the United States: 1977–2005
U.S. Bureau of the census, Statistical abstract of the United States: 1977–2005
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼appENdix a (continued) variable descriptions and Sources
variables
description
Source
Higher Education Variables
1 for governing board (strongest); 0 for coordinat- ing board, coordinating advising board, planning agency (weakest)
Education Commission of the States http://www.ecs.org/ecsmain. asp?page=/html/issuesPS.asp, State postsecondary education structures handbook; State postsecondary education profiles handbook: 1969–2003; Some data provided by Gabrial kaplan
higher education governance structure
% Enroll 2-year higher ed total enrollment
Share of higher education enrolled in two-year institutions
Southern Regional Education Board, Fact Book on Higher Educa- tion, http://www.sreb.org/main/EdData/FactBook/indexoftables05. asp#Enrollment
funding formula
Higher education funding formulas; dummy variable, 1 if state uses a funding formula
mGt of america, Funding Formulas, paper presented at the annual SHEEO Professional Development Conference, August, 2007, Chicago
logged giving to public research universities per ftE
Natural log of total giving per ftE student from all sources at public research universities (giving/ ftE).
U.S. department of Education’s integrated postsecondary Education
Data System (IPEDS) Surveys via WebCASPAR. http://caspar.nsf.gov; U.S. department of Education’s higher Education General information Surveys (HEGIS) via WebCASPAR; IPEDS Peer Analysis System www. nces.ed.gov/ipedspas/; Council for Aid to Education, Voluntary Support of Education, various years
logged tuition
Natural log of average four year tuition
U.S. department of Education’s integrated postsecondary Education data System (IPEDS) Surveys via WebCASPAR. http://caspar.nsf.gov; U.S. department of Education’s higher Education General information Surveys (HEGIS) via WebCASPAR; IPEDS Peer Analysis System www.nces. ed.gov/ipedspas/
total enrollment in public higher education
Southern Regional Education Board, Fact Book on Higher Educa- tion, http://www.sreb.org/main/EdData/FactBook/indexoftables05. asp#Enrollment
(continued)
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼appENdix a (continued) variable descriptions and Sources
variables
description
Share of population > 65 years old
Source
Economic and Demographic Variables
U.S. Bureau of the Census, Population Estimates Program, http://eire. census.gov/popest/archives/state/st_sasrh.php
U.S. Bureau of the census, decennial census microdata files: via ipUmS http://www.ipums.org
% population elderly
incomeinequality Unemployment Share medicaid
GiniCoefficient,Ratioofinequalitywithinastate (measure of the inequality of the distribution)
U.S.Bureauofthecensus,currentpopulationSurvey,SelectedMeasures of Household Income Dispersion: 1977 to 2005
a tandberg (2010a) provides details on decision to include Nebraska in this manner.
Unemployment rate—entire population
U.S. department of labor, Bureau of labor Statistics. local area Unem- ployment Statistics (published and unpublished data)
Share of state general fund expenditures devoted to medicaid
National Association of State Budget Officers, State Expenditure Reports, 1986–2005
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼appENdix B
OLS Regression Results for Capital Expenditures (fixed effects for state and year), 1988–2004
￼￼logged State
Capital Expenditures devoted to higher Education
Budget power of governor higher ed interest ratio
political ideology
log legislative professionalism
party of the governor party of legislature
voter turnout
higher ed governance structure
% Enroll 2-year higher ed
total enrollment *1000
funding formula
log giving to higher ed log average tuition
percent elderly income inequality Unemployment rate Share medicaid constant
R-squared
*p ≤ .05; **p ≤ .01; ***p ≤ .001
(1) political b-coefficient
0.026 (0.040)
12.035*** (1.675)
-0.004 (0.004)
0.402*** (0.053)
0.113 (0.102)
-0.005 (0.004)
-0.024*** (0.006)
(1) + (2) hi Ed (1) + (2) + (3) Econ & Dem
Beta-coef.
0.024 (0.036)
b-coefficient
-0.066 (0.040)
Beta-coef. b-coefficient
-0.060 -0.093* (0.037) (0.043)
Beta-coef.
-0.085* (0.039)
0.348*** (0.052)
0.232*** (0.059)
0.129** (0.047)
0.047 (0.036)
-0.175*** (0.053)
-0.145** (0.052)
-0.201*** (0.043)
0.001 (0.049)
-0.075 (0.051)
0.202*** (0.039)
0.150*** (0.044)
-0.307*** (0.052)
0.018 (0.046)
0.185*** (0.058)
-0.067 (0.063)
0.053 (0.031)
0.031 (0.060)
0.327
￼0.368*** 12.239***
0.365*** (0.052)
0.223*** (0.059)
0.166*** (0.046)
0.023 (0.035)
-0.153** (0.052)
-0.188*** (0.050)
-0.196*** (0.043)
-0.023 (0.045)
-0.045 (0.050)
0.211*** (0.039)
0.109** (0.041)
-0.277*** (0.052)
11.671*** (1.757)
0.021*** (0.005)
0.171** (0.063)
0.132 (0.102)
-0.014*** (0.004)
-0.018** (0.006)
-0.560*** (0.120)
0.004 (0.469)
-0.000 (0.000)
0.596*** (0.115)
0.241*** (0.070)
-1.110*** (0.188)
0.011 (0.028)
8.304*** (2.602)
-0.046 (0.043)
0.281 (0.165)
1.543 (1.357)
0.327
(.050)
(1.176)
0.020*** (0.005)
0.220*** (0.061)
0.066 (0.101)
-0.012** (0.004)
-0.023*** (0.006)
-0.546*** (0.120)
-0.222 (0.436)
-0.000 (0.000)
0.623*** (0.114)
0.175** (0.065)
-1.002*** (0.187)
-0.042 (0.044)
0.302*** (0.040)
0.040 (0.036)
-0.061 (0.048)
-0.193*** (0.047)
￼￼0.861 (0.589)
0.224
0.115** (0.039)
0.224
2.018** (0.778)
0.311
0.163*** (0.041)
0.311
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼appENdix c
OLS Regression Results for General Fund Expenditures (fixed effects for state and year), 1988–2004
￼￼logged State
Capital Expenditures devoted to higher Education
Budget power of governor
higher ed interest ratio political ideology
log legislative professionalism
party of the governor party of legislature
voter turnout
higher ed governance structure
% Enroll 2-year higher ed
total enrollment *1000
funding formula
log giving to higher ed log average tuition
percent elderly income inequality Unemployment rate Share medicaid constant
R-squared
*p ≤ .05; **p ≤ .01; ***p ≤ .001
(1) political b-coefficient
0.083*** (0.024)
6.486*** (0.903)
-0.007** (0.003)
0.499*** (0.032)
-0.066 (0.062)
-0.011*** (0.002)
-0.031*** (0.004)
(1) + (2) hi Ed
(1) + (2) + (3) Econ & Dem
Beta-coef.
0.102*** (0.030)
0.263*** (0.037)
-0.109** (0.037)
0.510*** (0.033)
-0.032 (0.030)
-0.018*** (0.042)
-0.349*** (0.039)
b-coefficient
0.065** (0.024)
5.708*** (0.881)
0.001 (0.003)
0.411*** (0.034)
-0.097 (0.058)
-0.016*** (0.002)
-0.029*** (0.004)
-0.349*** (0.067)
-0.453 (0.254)
0.000 (0.001)
0.231*** (0.067)
0.228*** (0.038)
-0.570*** (0.106)
Beta-coef.
0.080** (0.030)
0.231*** (0.036)
0.015 (0.046)
0.421*** (0.035)
-0.047 (0.028)
-0.273*** (0.042)
-0.325*** (0.040)
-0.170*** (0.033)
-0.064 (0.036)
0.047 (0.030)
0.106*** (0.031)
0.193*** (0.033)
-0.214*** (0.04)
b-coefficient
0.0750** (0.024)
5.139*** (0.857)
0.003 (0.003)
0.372*** (0.032)
-0.066 (0.056)
-0.021*** (0.002)
-0.022*** (0.004)
-0.366*** (0.064)
-0.319 (0.259)
0.000 (0.000)
0.191** (0.064)
0.272*** (0.039)
-0.648*** (0.101)
0.009 (0.016)
10.050*** (1.425)
-0.016 (0.024)
-0.541*** (0.096)
-1.171 (0.512)
0.575
Beta-coef.
0.093** (0.030)
0.208*** (0.035)
0.043 (0.044)
0.382*** (0.033)
-0.032 (0.027)
-0.356*** (0.041)
-0.242*** (0.040)
-0.178*** (0.031)
-0.042 (0.036)
0.031 (0.029)
0.088** (0.030)
0.230*** (0.033)
-0.244*** (0.038)
0.021 (0.035)
0.304*** (0.043)
-0.032 (0.047)
-0.140*** (0.025)
-0.004 (0.044)
0.575
￼￼￼3.342*** (0.353)
0.440
0.104*** (0.032)
0.440
3.212*** (0.432)
0.513
0.164*** (0.032)
0.513
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.



TITLE: Academic Faculty in University Research Centers: Neither Capitalism’s slaves nor Teaching Fugitives, The Journal of Higher Education,­ vol.­84,­ No.­1


￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Barry Bozeman Craig Boardman
Academic Faculty in University Research Centers: Neither Capitalism’s slaves nor Teaching Fugitives
This study addresses university-industry interactions for both educational and industrial outcomes. The results suggest that while academic faculty who are affiliated with cen- ters are more involved with industry than non-affiliated faculty, affiliates are also more involved with and supportive of students at the undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral levels.
There­has­been­quite­a­lot­of­study­and­discourse­regarding­the­connec- tion­between­universities­and­industry.­The­subtitle­of­our­paper­reflects­ our­ view­ of­ much­ of­ this­ literature—that­ it­ is­ rife­ with­ immoderation.­ Study­ of­ university-industry­ interactions­ is­ bifurcated,­ with­ some­ au- thors­ suggesting­ that­ these­ interactions­ are­ beneficial­ to­ economic­ de- velopment­ and­ technology­ transfer­ (e.g.,­ Etzkowitz,­ 1998)­ and­ other­ authors­ characterizing­ the­ interactions­ as­ disruptive­ and­ potentially­ harmful­to­traditional­university­missions,­especially­to­education­(e.g.,­ Slaughter­ &­ Rhoades,­ 2004).­ Really,­ the­ two­ perspectives­ constitute­ separate­literatures.­Seldom­does­empirical­study­of­university­involve- ment­ with­ industry­ address­ outcomes­ related­ to­ education,­ such­ as­ teaching­and­student­support,­and­almost­as­a­rule­does­the­discourse­on­ the potentially disruptive and harmful nature of university involvement with­industry­go­unconcerned­with­the­potential­benefits­of­this­involve- ment­for­education­as­well­as­for­economic­outcomes.
Barry Bozeman is Regents’ Professor and Ander Crenshaw Chair of Public Policy, De- partment of Public Administration and Policy, University of Georgia; bbozeman@uga. com. Craig Boardman is Assistant Professor of Public Affairs, John Glenn School of Public Affairs, The Ohio State University.
The Journal of Higher Education,­vol.­84,­No.­1­(January/february) Copyright­©­2013­by­The­Ohio­State­University
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 89
Both­ views­ of­ university-industry­ interactions­ can­ be­ correct­ in­ iso- lation.­ Universities­ are­ complex­ and­ heterogeneous­ and­ thusly­ experi- ence­different­outcomes­from­organizational­innovation­and­institutional­ change.­Doubtless,­one­can­identify­instances­where­university-industry­ interactions—owing­ either­ to­ their­ commercial­ nature­ or­ to­ any­ of­ a­ host­ of­ other­ differences­ with­ traditional­ academic­ activities­ and­ out- comes—have­ fractured­ the­ foundations­ upon­ which­ universities­ have­ been­ built.­ One­ can­ also­ find­ instances­ where­ university-industry­ in- teractions­ fit­ quite­ easily­ into­ the­ traditional­ university­ and­ its­ historic­ missions,­enhancing­rather­than­detracting­from­universities’­abilities­to­ achieve­public­domain­research,­teaching,­and­service­goals.
Connections­ between­ universities­ and­ industry­ in­ the­ United­ States­ can­be­traced­back­well­over­100­years­(Ruscio,­1984;­Mowery­&­Zie- donis,­ 2002).­ But­ they­ have­ received­ much­ attention­ of­ late­ due­ to­ the­ establishment­ of­ new­ institutional­ forms­ on­ American­ campuses­ for­ governing­ university-industry­ interactions,­ specifically­ university­ re- search­centers­(URCs).­The­prevalence­of­URCs­on­American­campuses­ is­ well­ documented­ (Dresser,­ 1989;­ Coburn,­ 1995).­As­ policy­ mecha- nisms,­ URCs­ have­ attracted­ attention­ due­ to­ their­ pivotal­ roles­ in­ eco- nomic­ development­ and­ technology­ transfer.­ As­ organizations,­ they­ have­attracted­attention­due­to­the­divergence­of­their­research­missions­ from­the­discipline-based­missions­of­traditional­academic­departments­ towards­missions­focused­on­addressing­social­and­economic­problems­ with­ science­ and­ technology­ (Boardman­ &­ Gray,­ 2010),­ conjointly­ be- tween­universities­and­industry—­including­the­involvement­of­industry­ not­only­in­university-based­research­and­development­but­also­in­grad- uate­education­and­training­(Bozeman­&­Boardman,­2004).­
While­we­expect­a­wide­range­of­outcomes­from­the­creation­and­in- stitutionalization­of­URCs,­our­intuition­and­our­previous­research­(e.g.,­ Bozeman­&­Boardman,­2003;­Boardman­&­Bozeman,­2007;­Boardman,­ 2009)­have­led­us­to­believe­that­the­two­dominant­images­of­university- industry­ interactions­ are­ too­ stark­ and­ too­ focused­ on­ extreme­ cases­ to­ aptly­ characterize­ the­ impacts­ of­ URCs­ on­ academic­ faculty.­ It­ is­ un- derstandable­that­those­viewing­URCs­and­their­inhabitants­as­agents­of­ technology­ commercialization­ focus­ on­ centers­ and­ programs­ that­ are­ compatible­with­these­aims­and­that­succeed­in­this­mission.­Similarly,­ those­who­see­URCs­and­alternate­arrangements­for­university-industry­ interaction­as­detrimental­to­traditional­university­missions­will­be­able­ to­find­cases­where­they­have­had­negative­and­disruptive­outcomes.­
Since­we­take­it­as­axiomatic­that­new­institutions­such­as­URCs­will­ have­diverse­outcomes,­our­concern­in­this­study­was­with­understand- ing the distribution­of­outcomes­and­the­mechanisms­affecting­that­dis-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼90 The Journal of Higher Education
tribution.­ heretofore,­ representative­ data­ about­ URCs­ have­ not­ been­ available­and,­thus,­the­literature­on­URCs­is­dominated­by­case­studies­ of­ single­ universities­ with­ multiple­ centers­ or­ of­ one­ or­ a­ few­ URCs.­ Owing­ to­ a­ lack­ of­ general­ data­ about­ the­ natural­ population­ of­ URCs,­ past­research­has­tended­to­treat­URCs­and­academic­faculty­working­in­ them­in­an­undifferentiated­manner.­Scholars­have­understood­that­there­ are­ considerable­ variations­ in­ URCs,­ but­ until­ now­ extant­ data­ did­ not­ permit­ charting­ that­ variation.­ Thus­ we­ expected­ some­ URCs­ to­ fulfill­ expectations­ of­ commercially-relevant­ outputs­ and­ economic­ benefits,­ other­ URCs­ to­ fulfill­ expectations­ from­ critics,­ but­ on­ the­ average­ for­ URCs­to­contribute­to­both­the­entrepreneurial­and­educational­missions­ of U.S. universities.
Our­study­is­one­of­the­first­to­use­data­for­a­broad­sample­of­URCs.­ We­started­with­questionnaire­data­from­a­representative­sample­of­U.S.­ academic­ researchers,­ focusing­ specifically­ on­ science,­ technology,­ en- gineering,­ and­ mathematics­ (STEM)­ faculty­ holding­ positions­ in­ Carn- egie­ foundation­ research­ extensive­ universities.­ Since­ in­ our­ adminis- tration­of­the­survey­we­did­not focus­specifically­on­faculty­who­were­ center­affiliates,­we­were­able­to­ask­whether­or­not­respondents­are­af- filiated­ with­ a­ URC­ to­ determine­ the­ percentage­ of­ academic­ research- ers­ in­ the­ United­ States­ who­ are­ URC­ affiliates.­Additionally,­ we­ were­ able­ to­ ask­ affiliated­ respondents­ to­ list­ the­ URC(s)­ with­ which­ they­ were­affiliated­to­provide­a­representative­sample­of­URC­types,­at­least­ for­ the­ sampling­ population­ examined.­ from­ this­ sample­ of­ URCs,­ we­ created­an­ancillary­data­set­tracking­URC­characteristics,­including­in- formation­ about­ the­ size­ of­ the­ centers,­ the­ number­ of­ universities­ rep- resented,­ and­ whether­ the­ centers­ were­ virtual­ or­ “bricks­ and­ mortar,”­ among­other­important­factors.
The­ URC-level­ data­ supplement­ the­ questionnaires­ provided­ by­ uni- versity­ faculty­ and­ provide­ insight­ into­ the­ distribution­ of­ URC­ affili- ates­and­URC­types.­These­data­permit­us­to­address­significant­gaps­in­ the­ literature.­ first,­ simply­ knowing­ more­ about­ the­ incidence­ of­ cen- ter­ membership­ and­ the­ distribution­ of­ center­ types­ proves­ useful­ from­ the­ standpoint­ of­ population­ ecology.­ Previous­ studies­ have­ examined­ well-known,­high-profile­URCs,­especially­those­created­in­partnership­ with­ federal­ agencies.­ however,­ as­ we­ show­ here,­ these­ familiar,­ high- profile­ URCs­ are­ a­ relatively­ small­ minority­ of­ all­ URCs.­ having­ an­ empirically-based­ typology­ of­ URCs­ permits­ us­ to­ examine­ member- ship­in­specific­types­of­URCs­and­the­effects­of­these­specific­types­on­ academic­researchers’­careers­and­work­activities.­This­effort­is­abetted­ by­the­fact­that­our­sample­includes­a­majority­of­faculty­who­are­quite­ similar­ to­ those­ affiliated­ with­ URCs­ but­ who­ are­ not­ themselves­ URC­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 91
affiliates.­ Thus,­ we­ are­ in­ the­ unique­ position­ of­ testing­ long-standing­ assumptions­about­the­individual-level­effects­of­URCs­on­universities.­
We­ aimed­ our­ analysis­ at­ the­ two­ predominant­ characterizations­ of­ centers.­We­addressed­the­extent­to­which­URC­affiliation­affects­(1)­the­ involvement­of­academic­faculty­with­industry,­such­as­the­development­ and­ use­ of­ potentially­ commercial­ knowledge­ and­ technology­ and­ (2)­ faculty­ involvement­ with­ teaching­ and­ other­ student-related­ activities,­ including­student­support­and­mentoring.
Divergent Characterizations of Boundary-Spanning Universities and University Faculty
The­ study­ of­ universities­ and­ university­ faculty­ as­ boundary-span- ning­ is­ itself­ boundary-spanning,­ including­ studies­ from­ higher­ educa- tion,­sociology­of­science,­research­management,­economics­of­innova- tion,­and­science­and­technology­policy­(hagedoorn,­Link,­&­vonortas,­ 2000).­Across­these­literatures,­there­has­been­some­emphasis­on­URCs,­ but­ owing­ to­ the­ lack­ of­ general­ data­ for­ centers,­ a­ large­ proportion­ of­ research­has­been­focused­more­broadly­on­the­outcomes­of­university- industry­interactions­in­any­context.­
There­ seems­ to­ be­ two­ divergent­ views­ of­ university­ faculty­ work- ing­ with­ industry.­ The­ first­ perspective­ comes­ from­ the­ management­ and­ policy­ literatures,­ which­ has­ taken­ a­ relatively­ descriptive­ stance­ and­ generally­ has­ found­ university­ faculty­ to­ be­ involved­ with­ indus- try­(Welsh,­Glenn,­Lacy,­&­Biscotti,­2008).­These­studies­have­focused­ on­university­patenting­(henderson,­Jaffe,­&­Trajtenberg,­1998)­and­li- censing­(Thursby­&­Thursby,­2002),­spin-off­companies­(Link­&­Scott,­ 2005),­ and­ faculty­ involvement­ with­ industry—­ ranging­ from­ informal­ information­ exchanges­ to­ consulting­ and­ employment­ arrangements­ between­ companies­ and­ faculty­ (Bozeman­ &­ Gaughan,­ 2007).­ The­ mechanisms­ emphasized­ in­ this­ body­ of­ work­ have­ included­ not­ only­ institutional­ design­ such­ as­ URCs­ but­ also­ national­ tax,­ subsidy,­ and­ intellectual­ property­ policies­ (Mowery,­ Nelson,­ Sampat,­ &­ Ziedonis,­ 2001),­ state-level­ policies­ and­ industry­ initiatives­ focused­ on­ regional­ economic­ development­ (Lee,­ 1996;­ Rogers,­ Takegami,­ &­ yin,­ 2001;­ Lin­ &­ Bozeman,­ 2006),­ university­ characteristics­ (Ponomariov,­ 2008),­ and­individual­investigator­grants­and­contracts­(Bozeman­&­Gaughan,­ 2007).­Studies­focused­specifically­on­URCs­have­shown­affiliated­fac- ulty­ to­ be­ more­ likely­ than­ other­ faculty­ to­ collaborate­ with­ industry­ (Boardman­&­Corley,­2008).­
The­ second­ perspective­ comes­ from­ the­ higher­ education­ and­ soci- ology­ of­ science­ literatures­ and­ essentially­ uses­ the­ industry­ involve-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼92 The Journal of Higher Education
ment­ of­ universities­ and­ university­ faculty,­ as­ evidenced­ in­ the­ man- agement­and­policy­literatures,­as­a­platform­for­launching­broad-based­ critiques­ of­ university-industry­ relations,­ including­ but­ not­ limited­ to­ URCs.­ Most­ notable­ among­ these­ critiques­ is­ the­ academic­ capitalism­ argument­ developed­ by­ Slaughter­ and­ Rhoades­ (1996)­ and­ Slaughter­ and­ Leslie­ (1997),­ which­ suggests­ that­ boundary-spanning­ organiza- tions­ such­ as­ URCs­ detract­ from­ traditional­ educational­ missions­ and­ goals­by­inducing­faculty­to­engage­in­market-like­behaviors­and­there- fore­ to­ shirk­ traditional­ research­ and­ educational­ activities­ for­ “more­ profitable”­ ones—or,­ at­ the­ very­ least,­ to­ harness­ traditional­ activities­ towards­ profitable­ ends­ (Slaughter,­ Campbell,­ folleman,­ &­ Morgan,­ 2002).­ There­ are­ related­ studies­ that­ similarly­ have­ questioned­ how­ traditional­ university­ roles­ are­ compromised­ by­ URCs­ and­ university- industry­ interactions­ more­ generally­ (for­ examples,­ see­ hackett,­ 2001,­ and­krimsky,­2003).­
In­our­view,­the­extent­to­which­the­industry­involvement­of­universi- ties­ and­ university­ faculty­ affects­ the­ universities’­ traditional­ research­ and­educational­missions­remains­a­largely­unanswered­empirical­ques- tion.­ Existing­ case­ studies­ are­ suggestive­ but­ not­ conclusive­ (Baldini,­ 2008).­While­university­faculty­may­be­more­active­participants­in­prob- lem­solving­for­and­joint­research­with­industry­than­suggested­by­Bush­ (1945)­or­even­by­Stokes’­(1997)­characterization­of­use-inspired­basic­ research,­ such­ activity­ does­ not­ necessitate­ a­ substitution­ of­ commer- cial­research­and­related­activities­for­the­generation­of­new­knowledge,­ the­open­publication­of­research­in­referred­outlets,­or­for­teaching­and­ other­activities­related­to­universities’­educational­missions­and­goals.­
While­ the­ extent­ to­ which­ URCs­ affect­ faculty­ involvement­ with­ industry­ and­ students­ remains­ an­ open­ question,­ a­ handful­ of­ empiri- cal­studies­inform­our­endeavor.­A­brief­review­of­these­works­helps­to­ bring­focus­both­theoretically­and­empirically­to­our­analysis.
The Relationship Between Industry Involvement and Publishing
The­notion­of­university-industry­interactions­affecting­academic­fac- ulty­ productivity­ does­ not­ originate­ with­ interest­ (positive­ or­ negative)­ in­URCs.­Though­there­has­been­but­one­direct­analysis­of­this­sort­that­ we­ are­ aware­ of,­ albeit­ as­ a­ case­ study­ of­ a­ singular­ URC­ using­ panel­ data­ to­ demonstrate­ a­ positive­ impact­ of­ URC­ affiliation­ on­ the­ disci- plinary­and­institutional­diversity­of­faculty­publication­(Ponomariov­&­ Boardman,­ 2010),­ there­ has­ long­ been­ a­ broader­ literature­ not­ focused­ on­ URCs­ per­ se—­ one­ anticipating­ and­ demonstrating­ more­ broadly­ a­ positive­ relationship­ between­ entrepreneurial­ outcomes­ such­ as­ uni-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 93
versity­ patenting­ and­ more­ traditional­ modes­ of­ dissemination­ such­ as­ publishing.
Studies­of­academic­patenting­and­publishing­have­examined­the­ex- tent­ to­ which­ university­ faculty­ are­ supplanting­ traditional­ academic­ research­ activities­ with­ market-like­ ones.­ Empirical­ assessments­ typi- cally­ have­ shown­ either­ a­ positive­ (Meyer,­ 2006;­ Breschi,­ Lissoni,­ &­ Montobbio,­2005)­or­null­(Agrawal­&­henderson,­2002)­correlation­be- tween­ the­ two­ dissemination­ modes.­ Relatedly,­ university­ faculty­ who­ perform­contractual­work­for­industry­are­more­prolific­at­publishing­in­ peer-reviewed­journals­(van­Looy,­Ranga,­Callaert,­Debackere,­&­Zim- mermann,­ 2004;­ van­ Looy,­ Callaert,­ &­ Debackere,­ 2006).­ In­ terms­ of­ impact,­ the­ citation­ rates­ for­ publications­ authored­ conjointly­ by­ aca- demic­ and­ industry­ researchers­ are­ generally­ higher­ than­ are­ the­ rates­ for­ papers­ authored­ by­ university­ faculty­ alone­ (hicks­ &­ hamilton,­ 1999).­ hence,­ there­ seems­ to­ be­ a­ complementary­ rather­ than­ substi- tutive­ relationship­ between­ industry­ involvement­ by­ faculty­ and­ tradi- tional­ modes­ of­ academic­ research.­ Moreover,­ industry­ involvement­ seems­to­improve­not­just­the­research­productivity­of­university­faculty­ but­also­the­quality­or­impact­of­their­research­(Baldini,­2008).
Examination­ of­ different­ dissemination­ modes­ and­ quality­ does­ not­ address­the­related­concern­over­the­substantive­nature­of­academic­re- search.­The­academic­capitalist­argument­suggests­that­universities­and­ university­ faculty­ are­ increasingly­ taking­ cues­ from­ industry­ in­ their­ valuation­and­selection­of­different­avenues­for­research.­Azoulay,­Ding,­ and­Stuart­(2006),­for­example,­provided­some­support­for­this­concern­ by­ showing­ academic­ researchers­ in­ biotechnology­ to­ favor­ research­ questions­ that­ are­ commercially­ relevant.­ The­ agencies,­ such­ as­ the­ National­ Science­ foundation­ (NSf)­ and­ National­ Institutes­ of­ health­ (NIh),­which­have­historically­provided­major­funding­for­investigator- driven­ basic­ research,­ are­ increasingly­ emphasizing­ industry­ involve- ment­in­university­science­(Bozeman­&­Boardmanm,­2004).­yet,­those­ concerned­ with­ such­ movement­ in­ science­ and­ engineering­ fields­ have­ failed­to­demonstrate­or­explain­how­such­a­shift­may­be­detrimental­to­ the­traditional­research­mission­of­universities.­Industry­has­historically­ provided­cues­to­university­faculty­for­research­and­education­(Mowery­ &­Ziedonis,­2002),­and­some­fields,­such­as­the­engineering­disciplines­ and­cross-disciplinary­fields­including­biotechnology,­are­relatively­ap- plied­and­inherently­“closer­to­market”­than­others.­
In­ our­ view,­ the­ real­ concern­ lies­ not­ with­ new­ modes­ of­ dissemina- tion,­such­as­patenting,­since­such­modes­show­generally­to­be­comple- mentary­ with­ publishing­ quantity­ and­ quality­ (Lin­ &­ Bozeman,­ 2006).­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼94 The Journal of Higher Education
Nor­do­we­feel­concern­should­lie­with­new­and­commercially-relevant­ areas­of­research­and­development­in­universities,­as­university-industry­ relations­ are­ nothing­ new­ (Ruscio,­ 1984)­ and­ the­ accumulation­ of­ new­ knowledge­ necessarily­ forges­ university­ faculty­ into­ new­ institutional­ and­ epistemological­ realms­ (Corley,­ Boardman,­ &­ Bozeman­ 2006;­ youtie,­Libaers,­&­Bozeman,­2006).­however,­we­agree­that­the­con- cern­ should­ be­ the­ extent­ to­ which­ (in­ any­ way)­ these­ new­ modes­ and­ new­areas­of­research­and­development­undermine­the­educational­mis- sions of universities.
The Relationship Between Research and Teaching
The­ notion­ of­ university­ faculty­ shirking­ their­ educational­ responsi- bilities­for­research­does­not­originate­with­URCs­or­the­academic­capi- talist­ argument.­ Numerous­ commentaries­ on­ the­ traditional­ academic­ reward­ template,­ specifically­ its­ heavy­ focus­ on­ publications,­ have­ ex- pressed­ concern­ over­ a­ tradeoff­ between­ research­ and­ teaching­ (Boyer,­ 1990;­ Braxton,­ 1996;­ Diamond,­ 1993,­ 1999).­ Accordingly,­ there­ has­ been­considerable­examination­of­the­relationship­between­research­and­ teaching,­though­none­has­addressed­how­different­types­of­research­and­ dissemination,­ such­ as­ those­ related­ to­ industry­ involvement­ and­ URC­ affiliation,­may­affect­teaching­differently.­
The­ findings­ for­ this­ body­ of­ work­ are­ mixed.­ While­ some­ studies­ have­ observed­ a­ negative­ relationship­ between­ research­ and­ teaching­ (Cage,­ 1991;­ Massy­ &­ Zemsky,­ 1994),­ others­ have­ observed­ a­ posi- tive­relationship­(Bowen­&­Schuster,­1986).­There­is­perhaps­the­most­ empirical­ support­ for­ a­ null­ relationship­ (Braxton,­ 1996),­ with­ time­ al- located­ to­ research­ having­ no­ effect­ on­ time­ allocated­ to­ teaching­ and­ vice­versa­(feldman,­1987).­A­meta-examination­of­these­results­pro- vides­ some­ consistency,­ demonstrating­ particular­ university­ types­ to­ correspond­with­particular­relationships­(Milem,­Berger,­&­Dey,­2000).­ Most relevant here are studies that have assessed samples of university faculty­working­in­research­extensive­universities,­which­demonstrate­a­ null­relationship­between­teaching­and­research­(Braxton,­1996).
In­our­view,­these­specific­findings­warrant­further­investigation­into­ the­extent­to­which­the­involvement­of­university­faculty­with­industry­ affects­their­involvement­with­students,­particularly­for­faculty­affiliated­ with­different­types­of­URCs.­Accordingly,­in­our­analysis­below­we­ad- dress­the­relationship­between­faculty­involvement­with­URCs­and­their­ involvement­ with­ industry­ and­ students.­ Because­ our­ data­ are­ unique,­ we­ are­ uniquely­ in­ a­ position­ to­ distinguish­ among­ different­ types­ of­ URCs.­ Thus,­ we­ do­ not­ expect­ uniform­ levels­ of­ involvement­ with­ in- dustry­and­students­across­all­faculty­center­affiliates.­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Data
Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 95
Our­data­are­from­the­NSf-funded­Survey­of­Academic­Research- ers­ (SAR)­ conducted­ in­ 2004–2005­ and­ extended­ in­ 2008–2009.­ The­ purpose­of­the­survey­was­to­study­a­variety­of­aspects­of­faculty­work­ and­attitudes­in­universities,­focusing­in­particular­on­industrial­activi- ties­ and­ research-center­ affiliations.­ Our­ initial­ target­ population­ was­ tenured­ and­ tenure-track­ faculty­ members­ in­ Carnegie­ foundation­ (2000)­research­extensive­universities,­historically­Black­Colleges­and­ Universities­(hBCU),­and­universities­designated­as­Experimental­Pro- gram­ to­ Stimulate­ Competitive­ Research­ (EPSCoR).­ Sampling­ frames­ were­ constructed­ from­ university­ catalogs1­ in­ the­ following­ National­ Science­ foundation­ STEM­ disciplines:­ biology,­ computer­ science,­ mathematics,­chemistry,­physics,­earth­and­atmospheric­sciences,­agri- culture,­and­sociology.­In­addition,­samples­were­drawn­from­five­sub- disciplines­ of­ engineering:­ chemical,­ civil,­ electrical,­ materials,­ and­ mechanical.­
Women­ were­ over-sampled­ from­ most­ disciplines.­ This­ was­ done­ to­ make­ sure­ that­ sufficient­ women­ appeared­ in­ the­ sample­ and,­ specifi- cally,­to­ensure­that­women­from­every­discipline­would­be­represented,­ even­ those­ where­ women­ are­ found­ in­ quite­ small­ numbers­ (e.g.,­ com- puter­science,­electrical­engineering).­furthermore,­stratification­by­sex­ replicates­the­tenure­and­rank­distribution­of­fields,­as­women­are­likely­ to­be­at­earlier­career­ages.­The­result­of­this­stratification,­of­course,­is­ that­ variables­ strongly­ correlated­ with­ sex­ may­ lead­ to­ spurious­ infer- ence­ about­ co-varying­ variables.­ In­ the­ current­ study,­ all­ our­ statistical­ models­control­for­gender,­thus­remediating­this­possible­bias­(Winship­ &­ Radbill,­ 1994).­ In­ a­ recent­ study­ (Bozeman­ &­ Gaughan,­ 2011),­ we­ used­ the­ alternative­ strategy­ of­ providing­ weights­ for­ all­ models­ but­ found­ negligible­ differences­ between­ a­ weighting­ strategy­ and­ control- ling for gender.
The­ survey­ was­ sent­ to­ 5,916­ targets,­ yielding­ 2,086­ respondents­ after­ three­ waves­ of­ administration.­Adjusting­ for­ deceased­ and­ retired­ targets,­ the­ effective­ response­ rate­ was­ 36%.­ The­ current­ study­ used­ a­ sub-sample­ of­ the­ initial­ survey,­ eliminating­ the­ hBCU­ and­ EPSCoR­ respondents­as­well­as­the­sociology­discipline.­Each­of­these­sub-strata­ was­considerably­less­likely­to­be­affiliated­with­URCs­but,­more­impor- tant,­we­noted­respondent­selection­bias­for­hBCU­faculty­as­well­as­a­ considerably­lower­response­rate­(22%).­The­response­rate­for­the­cur- rent­sub-sample­of­Carnegie­foundation­research­extensive­faculty­was­ 39.5%.­for­this­group,­we­found­no­response­bias­based­on­discipline­or­ rank.­ This­ particular­ analysis­ included­ 1714­ respondents.­ Missing­ data­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼96 The Journal of Higher Education
were­a­very­small­percentage­(less­than­.1%­of­all­observations)­and­ap- peared to be at random in sensitivity analyses.
The­original­SAR­data­included­variables­indicating­whether­respon- dents­were­affiliated­with­centers­and­the­names­of­those­centers.­In­the­ questionnaire,­we­provided­a­specific­definition­of­a­university­research­ centers­as­“a­research­institution­that­has­five­or­more­faculty­and­post- doctoral­ researchers­ and­ includes­ participants­ from­ more­ than­ one­ dis- cipline­and­more­than­one­academic­department.”­following­that­defini- tion,­we­asked­respondents­to­check­a­box­indicating­that­they­were­af- filiated­with­a­URC­or­another­box­indicating­that­they­were­not.­If­they­ were­affiliated­with­more­than­one­center,­we­asked­them­to­indicate­the­ affiliation­they­viewed­as­most­important.­
In­ a­ recent­ extension­ of­ the­ data,­ we­ set­ out­ to­ verify­ center­ mem- bership.­ We­ did­ this­ in­ three­ ways.­ first,­ we­ examined­ websites­ for­ affiliate­ rosters.­ Second,­ we­ examined­ curricula­ vita­ for­ respondents­ (another­ part­ of­ the­ overall­ project­ involved­ collection­ of­ Cvs­ from­ respondents;­we­did­not­use­the­Cv­data­in­this­study).­finally,­in­a­few­ cases,­ we­ either­ made­ telephone­ calls­ or­ sent­ emails­ to­ URC­ person- nel­ to­ develop­ information­ about­ a­ variety­ of­ factors,­ including­ center­ membership.
Before­providing­hypotheses­about­the­effects­of­URCs­on­industrial­ involvement­ and­ teaching­ and­ student-related­ activities,­ we­ begin­ by­ showing­descriptive­results­for­URC­affiliation­and­center­types.
Towards a Taxonomy of University Research Centers
Because­ there­ have­ been­ so­ few­ general­ assessments­ of­ URCs,­ ex- amination­of­basic­differences­between­different­URCs­is­necessary­be- fore­ analyzing­ their­ impacts­ on­ faculty­ involvement­ with­ industry­ and­ students.­ We­ begin­ with­ a­ brief­ discussion­ of­ the­ URC­ coding­ scheme­ and­then­assess­differences­across­the­center­types.
Coding the URCs
The­ first­ step­ in­ the­ coding­ process­ was­ to­ validate­ URC­ affiliation­ for­ SAR­ respondents.­ Whereas­ 632­ respondents­ to­ the­ SAR­ indicated­ they­ were­ center­ affiliates,­ we­ were­ able­ to­ validate­ 500.­ Our­ analysis­ reflects­only­validated­center­affiliates.­
The­132­not­coded­as­valid­center­affiliates­were­dropped­for­several­ reasons.­The­most­common­disqualification­was­that­respondents­listed­ affiliations­ with­ research­ units­ not­ meeting­ our­ stipulated­ criteria­ for­ a­ URC­(five­or­more­faculty­and­postdoctoral­students,­participants­from­ more­than­one­discipline­and­more­than­one­academic­department).2 Our
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 97
objective­was­to­get­the­best­possible­estimate,­given­the­many­vagaries­ associated­with­center­affiliation.­
In­our­URC­coding­protocol,­senior­investigators­worked­closely­with­ graduate­ students­ to­ help­ classify­ URCs­ when­ the­ center­ type­ was­ not­ obvious.­ In­ some­ cases,­ there­ was­ little­ possibility­ for­ error.­ for­ ex- ample,­ the­ NSf­ and­ many­ other­ federal­ agencies­ provide­ lists­ of­ their­ centers.­A­ center­ was­ designated­ as­ being­ associated­ with­ a­ particular­ federal­ agency­ not­ on­ the­ basis­ of­ the­ amount­ of­ funds­ provided­ via­ conventional­ grants­ but­ on­ the­ basis­ of­ formal­ affiliations,­ program­ competition­ awards,­ cooperative­ research­ agreements,­ and­ such.­ Some­ federal­agency­programs,­including­the­NSf,­have­“sunset­periods”­after­ which­direct­funds­are­withdrawn­and­the­center­is­expected­to­be­self- sustaining.­In­the­case­of­centers­that­had­reached­their­“sunset­period”­ with­ a­ federal­ agency,­ we­ listed­ them­ as­ “University”­ if­ the­ URC­ had­ continued­with­university-based­funding.­The­greater­difficulty­was­dis- tinguishing­ between­ “State”­ and­ “University”­ URCs.­ The­ general­ rule­ was­ that­ if­ centers­ were­ created­ by­ state­ government­ with­ special­ pro- gram­ initiatives,­ such­ as­ “centers­ of­ excellence”­ programs,­ they­ were­ classified­as­“State.”­Naturally,­most­of­the­public­university­URCs­had­ at­least­some­base­state­funding;­absent­some­special­designation­or­spe- cial­program,­these­were­coded­as­“University.”3
Different Types of URCs
As­ Table­ 1­ shows,­ three-fifths­ of­ the­ URCs­ in­ our­ study­ were­ cre- ated­ by­ universities­ and­ sustained­ by­ a­ combination­ of­ university­ base­ resources­ and­ individual­ investigator­ grant­ and­ foundation­ funds­ (and­ more­ rarely­ industry­ funds)­ that­ center­ affiliates­ typically­ bring­ in­ to­ support­their­research.­Most­of­the­literature­on­URCs­has­been­less­at- tentive­to­these­types­of­centers,­despite­their­numerical­dominance.­To­ the­ best­ of­ our­ knowledge,­ all­ case­ studies­ of­ URCs­ have­ focused­ on­ either­federal-­or­state-established­centers,­particularly­those­established­ by­the­NSf.­Other­data-based­studies­of­URCs­have­emphasized­differ- ences­between­government­and­industry­centers­(e.g.,­Boardman­&­Cor- ley,­2008;­Boardman,­2009)­but­have­not­addressed­this­dominant­center­ type­(at­least­in­terms­of­raw­numbers­of­URCs).­
The­ second­ most­ common­ URCs­ in­ our­ study­ were­ ones­ created­ by­ the­ NSf­ under­ their­ various­ centers­ programs.­ There­ was­ no­ difficulty­ classifying­ the­ 81­ NSf­ URCs,­ as­ they­ were­ on­ lists­ of­ centers­ and­ the­ NSf­ website,­ in­ most­ cases,­ provided­ clear­ information­ about­ the­ ori- gins,­sponsorship,­and­programmatic­structure­of­the­NSf­centers.4 In addition,­ many­ of­ the­ programs­ of­ NSf­ centers­ have­ established­ their­ own­program-wide­websites,­independent­of­the­NSf,­detailing­past­and­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼98 The Journal of Higher Education
TABLE­1 Number­of­Center­Affiliates,­by­Center­Type
￼￼￼Center Type
Number­of­validated­Center­Affiliates
￼University 307 State 55 NSf 81 NIh 10 DOE 7 EPA 5 NASA 7 DOD 6 USDOT 4 Other 18 Total 500
present­centers,­information­on­center­characteristics,­and­best­practices,­ among­other­resources.5
The­URCs­we­classified­as­“State”­are­generally­those­created­by­spe- cial­programs­from­state­government,­often­programs­aimed­specifically­ at­ engendering­ technology-based­ regional­ economic­ development.­ In­ comparison­ to­ the­ University­ URCs,­ these­ centers­ have­ been­ a­ much­ more­common­focus­of­research­(Lee,­1996;­Rogers,­Takegami,­&­yin,­ 2001;­Lin­&­Bozeman,­2006),­chiefly­because­of­their­explicit­economic­ development­and­technology­transfer­missions.
The­ University,­ State,­ and­ NSf­ centers­ accounted­ for­ about­ 89%­ of­ the­ URCs­ in­ our­ data­ base,­ dominating­ the­ population­ of­ centers­ at­ Carnegie­ research­ extensive­ universities.6­ Other­ URCs­ included­ in­ our­ study­ were­ sponsored­ by,­ among­ others,­ the­ National­ Institutes­ of­ health­(NIh),­the­Department­of­Energy­(DOE),­the­U.S.­Environmen- tal­Protection­Agency­(EPA),­the­National­Aeronautics­and­Space­Ad- ministration­ (NASA),­ and­ the­ U.S.­ Department­ of­ Defense­ (USDOT).­ Many­other­agencies­also­sponsor­URCs­but­not­in­sufficient­numbers­to­ ensure­their­presence­in­a­large­sample­of­university­researchers.­
Empirical Differences Among the URC Types
In­light­of­the­empirical­evidence,­developing­a­crude­taxonomy­pre- sented­no­great­challenge.­Our­basic­taxonomy­is­four-fold:­University,­ State,­ NSf,­ and­ Other.­ This­ is­ not­ entirely­ satisfying­ inasmuch­ as­ the­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 99
“Other”­ category­ lumps­ together­ quite­ disparate­ centers.­ We­ also­ un- derstand­ that­ there­ may­ be­ considerable­ within-type­ variation.­ But­ even­ if­ the­ approach­ remains­ crude,­ it­ is­ important­ to­ remember­ that­ the­ Other­ category­ constitutes­ only­ about­ 10%­ of­ URCs­ in­ our­ study.­ When­we­speak­of­university­faculty­participating­in­URCs,­we­almost­ always­ refer­ to­ just­ three­ types:­ University,­ State,­ and­ NSf.­ This­ is­ a­ distortion­ of­ neither­ empirical­ reality­ nor­ history.­ The­ important­ ques- tion­is­whether­a­crude­four-fold­taxonomy­can­discriminate­and­predict­ behaviors.
We­begin­the­analysis­of­the­taxonomy­by­considering­possible­differ- ences­among­the­four­types.­Table­2­provides­the­means­for­the­500­cen- ters­ included­ in­ our­ analysis­ according­ to­ number­ of­ affiliated­ faculty,­ founding year, and number of universities formally affiliated­with­the­ center.­As­we­see­from­Table­2,­the­centers­tended­to­be­quite­large­with­ the­ average­ having­ about­ 68­ faculty.­ Interestingly,­ the­ Other­ category­ tended­ to­ be­ largest­ in­ terms­ of­ faculty­ per­ center.­ This­ is­ perhaps­ not­ too­ surprising­ since­ almost­ all­ of­ these­ are­ sponsored­ by­ federal­ agen- cies,­ including­ the­ large­ centers­ created­ by­ the­ Department­ of­ Energy­ and­ Defense.­ The­ university-sponsored­ URCs,­ while­ most­ prevalent,­ were­on­average­the­smallest­in­terms­of­faculty­per­center.­
On­average,­the­NSf­centers­were­of­most­recent­origin.­This­is­likely­ due,­ in­ part,­ to­ the­ fact­ that­ most­ NSf­ centers­ have­ “sunset”­ features­ and­ that­ they­ are­ also­ defunded­ on­ occasion­ prior­ to­ sunset.­ The­ State­ centers­were­the­oldest­and,­one­presumes,­the­most­stable­in­their­fund- ing.­ Many­ State­ centers­ have­ a­ line­ item­ budget­ allocation.­ The­ NSf­ and­ State­ URCs­ have­ a­ larger­ number­ of­ cooperating­ universities.­ As­ one­ might­ expect,­ the­ State­ URCs­ often­ include­ multiple­ universities­ from­ within­ the­ sponsoring­ state.­ NSf­ URCs­ tend­ to­ link­ universities­
TABLE­2 Characteristics­of­Centers,­Means­by­Type
University 54.9 1986 1.1 State 91.9 1976 3.1 NSf 67.3 1990 3.8 Other 112.1 1982 1.5
All 68.9 1985 1.8
￼￼￼Center Type
￼￼Center­faculty
￼￼year­Center­founded
￼￼Number­of­Universities­with­ formal­Agreements
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼100 The Journal of Higher Education
that­are­geographically­dispersed,­partly­because­many­of­these­centers­ are­intended­as­national­resources.­
We­were­particularly­interested­in­distinguishing­“bricks­and­mortar”­ URCs­ from­ virtual­ ones.­ Literature­ on­ scientific­ communication­ leads­ one­to­expect­quite­different­collaborative­behaviors­based­on­proximity­ and­virtuality­(hinds­&­kiesler,­1995;­Iansiti,­1995;­Bouty,­2000).­The­ data­presented­in­Table­3­show­that­University­URCs­are­the­ones­most­ likely­to­be­virtual,­perhaps­indicating­a­relatively­modest­investment­in­ resources­based­on­existing­capabilities­rather­than­new­initiatives.­The­ State­centers­are­least­likely­to­be­virtual.­This­is­perhaps­owing­to­the­ fact­ that­ the­ State­ centers­ tend­ to­ be­ especially­ focused­ on­ a­ particular­ type­of­technology­development­and­thus­have­applied­missions­requir- ing­face-to-face­interaction­for­their­accomplishment.
With­a­basic­understanding­of­the­different­types­of­URCs,­we­began­ our­ examination­ by­ assessing­ self-reports­ from­ URC­ faculty­ affiliates­ regarding­the­impacts­of­URCs,­by­URC­type,­on­individual­careers­and­ productivity,­ including­ individual­ outcomes­ related­ to­ research,­ teach- ing,­and­commercial­involvement.­
Descriptive Results for the Impacts of URC Affiliation on Faculty Involvement with Industry and Students
Our­chief­concern­was­determining­the­impact­of­URC­affiliation­on­ faculty­ teaching-related­ activities­ and­ industrial­ interactions.­ We­ fo- cused­ on­ these­ two­ outcomes­ because­ we­ felt­ that­ characterizations­ in­ previous­research­and­commentary­have­been­too­stark­and­too­focused­ on­extreme­cases.­Since­we­had­representative­data­for­university­STEM­
￼TABLE­3 virtual­and­Not­virtual­URCs,­by­Type
University 217 State 49 NSf 68 Other 43
Note. Chi­square­=­12.97. * p<.005.
85­(28.1%) 302 5­(9.2%) 54 12­(15%) 80 13­(23.2%) 56
￼￼Center Type
￼￼Not Virtual
￼￼Virtual
￼￼Total
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 101
faculty,­with­a­close­approximation­in­the­percentages­and­composition­ of­ URC­ affiliates,­ our­ data­ permitted­ us­ to­ provide­ analysis­ of­ center­ impacts­with­a­degree­of­confidence­in­the­validity­and­generalizability­ of­ the­ findings.­ Overall,­ we­ expected­ URCs­ to­ affect­ the­ industry­ and­ student­ involvement­ of­ affiliated­ faculty,­ though­ not­ in­ the­ ways­ char- acterized­ by­ prior­ research­ focused­ on­ specific­ cases.­ Specifically,­ we­ expected­ certain­ types­ of­ URCs­ to­ have­ more­ impact­ than­ others.­ We­ begin­ with­ descriptive­ data­ for­ the­ industrial­ and­ student­ activities­ of­ URC-affiliated­ faculty.­ We­ reserve­ examination­ of­ the­ impacts­ of­ fac- ulty­affiliation­with­different­types­of­URCs­for­the­regression­analyses­ in­the­following­section.­
URC Affiliation and Faculty Industrial Activities
The­ SAR­ questionnaire­ asked­ a­ branching­ question,­ first­ asking­ re- spondents­if­they­had­had­any­working­relations­with­private­companies­ during­ the­ past­ 12­ months.­ While­ only­ 12%­ of­ respondents­ indicated­ they­ had­ industry­ funding­ through­ grants­ and­ contracts,­ more­ than­ half­ of­respondents­reported­that­they­had­had­some­type­of­industry­interac- tion.­These­respondents­were­referred­to­a­checklist­to­indicate­the­spe- cific­types­of­activities.­Table­4­provides­cross­tabulations,­showing­the­ number­ and­ percentages­ of­ respondents­ engaged­ in­ various­ industrial­ activities,­for­both­validated­URC­affiliates­and­non-affiliates.­
The­ most­ apparent­ generalization­ we­ could­ make­ from­ these­ results­ is­that­URC­affiliates­seem­to­differ­from­others­in­that­the­affiliates­are­ more­likely­to­be­involved­in­a­wide­range­of­industrially-relevant­activ- ity.­for­only­one­of­the­items,­whether­the­respondent­actually­owned­or­ worked­for­a­company­during­the­period­of­the­survey,­is­there­no­statis- tically­ significant­ difference­ between­ URC­ affiliates­ and­ non-affiliates.­ This­ is­ likely­ due­ to­ the­ fact­ that­ so­ few­ in­ the­ sample­ answered­ “yes”­ on this item.
There­ is­ some­ difference­ among­ the­ items­ in­ terms­ of­ the­ degree­ of­ difference­ center­ affiliation­ seems­ to­ make.­ URC­ affiliates­ are­ twice­ as­ likely­ as­ non-affiliates­ to­ have­ coauthored­ a­ published­ paper­ with­ in- dustry­personnel­and­to­have­placed­graduate­students­and­postdoctoral­ students­in­industry­jobs.­URC­affiliates­are­more­than­twice­as­likely­to­ have­served­as­a­paid­consultant­to­a­private­company.­
Despite­ noteworthy­ and­ statistically­ significant­ differences­ between­ the­ two­ groups,­ it­ is­ important­ not­ to­ overemphasize­ differences.­ for­ every­ activity,­ both­ URC­ affiliates­ and­ non-affiliates­ were­ involved.­ Perhaps­more­important,­for­none­of­the­activities­was­a­clear­majority­ engaged.­With­respect­to­the­most­commonly­studied­commercial­activi-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼102 The Journal of Higher Education
TABLE­4 Cross-Tabulations­for­Industry­Involvement­and­URC­Affiliation
￼￼￼Industrial­Involvement­Activitya
￼￼Number and %­Non-URC­
￼￼Number and %­URC
￼￼p valueb
￼￼“Persons­from­a­private­company­asked­for­informa- tion­about­my­research,­and­I­provided­it.”
“I­contacted­persons­in­industry­asking­about­their­ research­or­research­interests.”
“I­served­as­a­formal­paid­consultant­to­an­industrial­ firm.”
“I­helped­place­graduate­students­or­post-docs­in­ industry­jobs.”
“I­worked­at­a­company­with­which­I­am­owner,­ partner,­or­employee.”
“I­worked­directly­with­industry­personnel­in­work­ that­resulted­in­a­patent­or­copyright.”
“I­worked­directly­with­industry­personnel­in­an­ effort­to­transfer­or­commercialize­technology­or­ applied­research.”
“I­coauthored­a­paper­with­industry­personnel­that­ has­been­published­in­a­journal­or­refereed­ proceedings.”­
a n­=­1714­(1199­Non­URC-Affiliated,­515­URC-Affiliated). b Based­on­Gamma­coefficient.­
372­ 259­ (31.0%) (50.3%)
187­ 135­ (15.6%) (26.2%)
192­ 117 (16.0%­) (37.9%)
242 186­ (20.2%­) (43.5%­)
36­ 24 (3.0%­) (4.7%)
51 42 (4.3%­) (8.2%­)
159­ 114 (13.3%­) (22.1%)
139­ 115 (11.6%) (22.3%)
0.000
0.000
0.002
0.000
0.115 (n.s.)
0.004 0.000
0.000
￼ties,­patenting,­more­than­90%­in­each­group­did­not engage in patent- ing­(at­least­during­the­year­of­the­SAR­survey).­
Even­ the­ relatively­ modest­ level­ in­ industrial­ involvement­ depicted­ in­Table­4­cannot­be­causally­attributed­to­center­affiliation.­Since­cen- ter­ affiliation­ is­ not­ a­ randomly­ distributed­ variable,­ unrelated­ to­ other­ characteristics­ of­ researchers,­ it­ is­ possible­ that­ some­ of­ the­ observed­ differences­are­owing­to­variables­correlated­with­center­affiliation.­for­ example,­engineers­tend­to­be­more­involved­with­industry­and­are­also­ overrepresented­ in­ URCs­ (at­ least­ in­ our­ sample).­ Moreover,­ in­ subse- quent­ multivariate­ models,­ we­ control­ for­ field­ and­ several­ other­ pos- sibly­ confounding­ variables­ in­ order­ to­ get­ a­ more­ valid­ assessment­ of­ URC­effects.­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 103 URC Affiliation and Faculty Teaching and Student Activities
The­ SAR­ questionnaire­ includes­ a­ number­ of­ items­ for­ attitudes­ and­ behaviors­ related­ to­ faculty­ involvement­ with­ students.­ The­ attitudinal­ questions­pertain­to­motives­for­collaborating­and­pursuing­grants.­The­ items­ for­ behaviors­ pertain­ to­ teaching­ graduates­ and­ undergraduates­ and­ student­ support.­ As­ with­ the­ descriptive­ results­ for­ industrial­ ac- tivities,­ we­ must­ treat­ the­ inferences­ from­ this­ initial­ examination­ with­ caution,­as­the­results­may­be­a­function­of­inter-correlation­with­other­ causal­factors­that­diminish­the­importance­of­URC­affiliation.
Student-Related Motives for Pursuing Grants and Research Collabora- tions.­ One­ question­ in­ the­ SAR­ asks­ the­ following:­ “If­ you­ spend­ time­ writing­ or­ participating­ in­ the­ preparation­ of­ proposals­ for­ contracts­ or­ grants,­ please­ indicate­ your­ agreement­ or­ disagreement­ with­ the­ state- ments­below,” 7­all­of­which­provide­reasons­for­pursuing­grants,­includ- ing­ (among­ others)­ formal­ job­ requirements,­ administrative­ directives,­ intellectual­pursuits,­summer­salary,­and,­relevant­to­our­study,­“a­major­ motivation­for­my­preparing­proposals­is­to­support­graduate­students.”­ The­responses­for­the­items­use­a­Likert-type­scale,­including­“Strongly­ Agree,”­“Agree­Somewhat,”­“Disagree­Somewhat,”­and­“Strongly­Dis- agree.”­The­differences­between­URC­affiliates­and­non-affiliates­on­the­ “support­ students”­ factor­ were­ statistically­ significant­ (Gamma­ 0.268,­ p<­0.000),­with­94.1%­of­the­URC­affiliates­agreeing­(sum­of­“Strongly­ Agree­and­“Agree­Somewhat”)­and­87.7%­of­non-affiliates­agreeing.­
Another­ motivational­ survey­ item­ pertains­ to­ research­ collaboration.­ Respondents­ were­ asked­ to­ respond­ to­ this­ question:­ “If­ we­ define­ re- search­ collaboration­ as­ ‘working­ closely­ with­ others­ to­ produce­ new­ scientific­ knowledge­ or­ technology,’­ how­ important­ is­ each­ of­ the­ fol- lowing­in­factors­in­your­decisions­to­collaborate?”­­following­the­ques- tion­was­a­wide­variety­of­motivational­choices­(e.g.,­“delivers­work­in­ agreed­ upon­ time,”­ “chance­ to­ work­ with­ highly­ reputable­ researcher,”­ “researcher’s­skills­complement­my­own”),­but­the­one­most­important­ for­ present­ purposes­ was­ “interest­ in­ helping­ graduate­ students.”­ (The­ Likert-type­scale­in­this­case­was­“very­Important,”­“Somewhat­Impor- tant,”­“Somewhat­Unimportant,”­and­“Not­Important.”)
The­ URC­ affiliates­ and­ non-affiliates­ differed­ on­ this­ motivational­ variable,­ but­ the­ difference,­ while­ significant,­ was­ moderate­ (Gamma=­ 0.092,­ p<0.936).­Among­ those­ not­ affiliated­ with­ URCs,­ 81.5%­ agreed­ that­ this­ was­ either­ somewhat­ important­ or­ very­ important;­ among­ the­ URC­affiliates,­87.7%­agreed.­
Thus,­ in­ terms­ of­ magnitude,­ we­ observed­ but­ small­ differences­ be- tween­ URC­ affiliates­ and­ non-affiliated­ faculty.­ What­ is­ notable,­ how-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼104 The Journal of Higher Education
ever,­is­that­URC­affiliation­seemed­to­have­a­positive­rather­than­nega- tive­impact­on­student-related­attitudes­and­motives.
Teaching and Student Support. In addition to the motivational vari- ables,­ we­ considered­ self-reports­ of­ teaching­ and­ other­ student-related­ activities.­Table­5­provides­tests­for­differences­of­means­between­URC­ affiliates­ and­ non-affiliates­ for­ time­ allocations­ to­ teaching­ and­ stu- dent­ advising­ and­ for­ the­ number­ of­ undergraduate­ students,­ master’s­ students,­ and­ doctoral­ students­ supported­ by­ respondents’­ grants­ or­ contracts.­
The­ general­ pattern­ was­ that­ university­ faculty­ not­ affiliated­ with­ URCs­ were­ more­ engaged­ teaching­ undergraduate­ students,­ spend- ing­on­average­more­work­hours­in­undergraduate­teaching­(10.5­hours­ per­ week­ on­ average)­ when­ compared­ to­ URC­ affiliates­ (8.5­ hours­ per­ week).­however,­URC-affiliated­faculty­spent­slightly­more­time­teach- ing­ graduate­ students,­ but­ the­ difference­ is­ not­ statistically­ significant.­ The­other­major­finding­is­that­URC­affiliates­supported­a­larger­number­ of­ students,­ not­ only­ doctoral­ students­ but­ also­ master’s­ students­ and­ undergraduates.­The­lesson­seems­to­be­that­URC­affiliation­lessens­un- dergraduate­ teaching­ but­ has­ the­ significant­ educational­ advantage­ of­ providing­more­financial­support­to­students­at­every­level.­
￼TABLE­5 Means­for­Teaching-Related­Activities,­by­URC­Affiliation
￼￼n Mean
1197 10.51 512 8.50
1196 6.26 512 6.52
1196 2.43 512 2.57
1198 1.02 514 1.38
1198 0.76 515 1.14
0­(not­URC)
1­(URC) 515 3.00
Std. Deviation
8.81 7.74
6.33 6.10
3.01 2.91
2.04 1.95
1.25 1.90
2.19 2.89
p value (f-Test)
0.012 n.s. 0.074 0.089 0.000 0.000
￼Work­hours:­ Teaching­Undergraduates
Work­hours:­ Teaching­Graduates
Work­hours:­ Advising
# of Undergraduates Supported
#­of­Master’s­Students Supported
#­of­Doctoral­Students Supported
0­(not­URC) 1­(URC)
0­(not­URC) 1­(URC)
0­(not­URC) 1­(URC)
0­(not­URC) 1­(URC)
0­(not­URC) 1­(URC)
1198 1.53
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 105 Dependent Constructs and Hypotheses
Because­there­are­so­few­general­assessments­of­URCs,­we­based­our­ hypotheses­for­URC­affiliates’­industry­and­student­involvement­on­our­ descriptive­analysis­above­and­on­the­relevant­theories­of­research­col- laboration­ and­ faculty­ time­ allocations­ rather­ than­ on­ past­ results­ for­ centers­ based­ on­ single­ case­ studies­ or­ those­ studies­ using­ anecdotal­ evidence.­
We­had­two­sets­of­hypotheses­about­the­impacts­of­URC­affiliation,­ one­pertaining­to­teaching­impacts­and­the­other­to­commercial­impacts.­ Before­ presenting­ each­ set­ of­ hypotheses,­ we­ describe­ the­ relevant­ de- pendent­ constructs—for­ industry­ and­ student­ involvement,­ which­ in- clude­a­variety­of­teaching-­(e.g.,­time­allocated­by­academic­faculty­to­ teaching,­ faculty­ support­ of­ graduate­ and­ undergraduate­ students)­ and­ commerce-related­ (e.g.,­ different­ types­ and­ intensities­ of­ industry­ in- volvement)­outcomes­and­activities.­
URCs and Faculty Involvement with Industry
The Industrial Involvement Index.­for­commercial­activities,­we­em- ployed­a­scale­developed­previously­(Bozeman­&­Gaughan,­2007),­one­ that­ has­ by­ now­ been­ validated­ in­ a­ number­ of­ studies­ (e.g.,­ Bozeman­ &­ Gaughan,­ 2011;­ Gaughan­ &­ Corley,­ 2010;­ Boardman,­ 2009;­ Pono- mariov,­ 2008).­ The­ “Industrial­ Involvement­ Index”­ was­ created­ by­ ex- amining­the­percentages­for­each­of­the­industrial­interaction­items­and­ then using the inverse­as­a­weight.­To­give­an­example,­14.8%­of­this­ sample­reported­having­coauthored­a­paper­with­someone­from­industry­ and,­thus,­engaging­in­that­activity­receives­a­weight­of­85.2.­Similarly,­ 6.2%­ of­ the­ sample­ reported­ having­ developed­ a­ patent­ with­ someone­ from­ industry­ and,­ thus,­ engaging­ in­ that­ more­ uncommon­ activity­ re- ceives­a­weight­of­93.8.­The­weights­for­all­types­of­activities­in­which­ the­ respondents­ were­ engaged­ were­ then­ summed,­ creating­ a­ weighted­ Industrial­ Involvement­ Index.­ for­ the­ present­ sample,­ the­ index­ ranges­ between­ 0­ and­ 6.68­ with­ a­ mean­ of­ 1.27.­ The­ scale­ has­ the­ following­ properties:­ an­ alpha­ reliability­ of­ 0.78­ and­ normal­ distribution­ (skew­ =­ 1.3;­ kurtosis­ =­ .99).­ It­ therefore­ meets­ the­ requirements­ for­ Ordinary­ Least­ Squares­ (OLS)­ Regression.­ Additional­ information­ about­ the­ scale­is­provided­in­Bozeman­and­Gaughan­(2007),­including­results­of­ an­ oblique­ (Oblimin)­ factor­ analysis­ used­ as­ an­ alternative,­ validating­ scale.
Hypotheses for URCs and Industry Involvement. We­had­two­overarch- ing­ hypotheses­ for­ the­ effects­ of­ affiliation­ with­ URCs­ on­ the­ industry­ involvement­of­faculty:
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼106 The Journal of Higher Education
hypothesis­1.1:­Compared­to­faculty­who­are­not­affiliated­with­URCs,­affili- ated­faculty­will­be no more (or less) involved­with­industry­after­controlling­ for­variables­mitigating­the­relationship­between­URC­affiliation­and­indus- trial involvement.
hypothesis­ 1.2:­ While­ overall­ there­ is­ no­ significant­ relationship­ between­ URC­affiliation­and­industrial­involvement,­there­will­be­modest­differences­ in­the­industrial­involvement­when­one­takes­into­account­URC­type.­Specifi- cally,­ affiliation­ with­ NSf­ centers­ and­ State­ centers­ will­ increase­ industrial­ involvement.
It­ is­ not­ uncommon,­ as­ a­ matter­ of­ course,­ to­ posit­ the­ null­ hypoth- esis.­ however,­ our­ hypothesis­ of­ no­ effect­ was­ not­ simply­ a­ matter­ of­ form.­Rather,­we­believed­that­most­of­the­variance­between­URC­affili- ation­and­industrial­involvement­could­be­accounted­for­by­two­factors.­ first,­only­a­small­percentage­of­URCs­have­explicit­industrial­outreach­ and­commercialization­missions,­specifically­the­NSf­and­State­URCs.­ Examining­ the­ representative­ list­ of­ URCs­ in­ our­ data­ set,­ the­ rest­ are­ relatively­small­institutions­focused­on­creating­fundamental­knowledge­ in­ the­ sciences.­ Thus,­ in­ our­ expectations­ for­ faculty­ industry­ involve- ment,­ we­ followed­ both­ the­ institutional­ (Clark,­ 1998)­ and­ resource- based­views­(e.g.,­Barney,­1991;­Grant,­1996)­of­research­collaboration­ by­positing­a­positive­effect­for­only­certain­types­of­URCs.­While­NSf­ and­State­URCs­are­likely­to­have­the­knowledge-integration­and­capac- ity-development­ motives­ conducive­ to­ institutional­ norms­ and­ expec- tations­ for­ industry­ involvement­ by­ affiliated­ faculty,­ the­ other­ center­ types­ are­ likely­ to­ harbor­ motives­ and­ norms­ towards­ traditional­ aca- demic­research­and­related­activities.
Second,­ we­ know­ from­ case­ studies­ that­ engineering­ faculty­ tend­ to­ be­ overrepresented­ in­ URCs­ and­ that­ engineering­ faculty­ generally­ are­ much­more­likely,­whether or not they are associated with URCs, to be involved­with­industry­(see,­for­example,­Bozeman­&­Boardman,­2003;­ Boardman­ &­ Bozeman,­ 2007).­ Engineering­ and­ other­ disciplines­ are­ important­ controls,­ as­ different­ disciplines­ have­ properties­ that­ result­ in­ variable­ propensities­ for­ industry­ involvement.­ for­ instance,­ some­ disciplines­ require­ broader­ skill­ sets­ and­ access­ to­ diverse­ resources­ (van­Rijnsoever,­hessels,­&­vandeberg,­2008),­which­may­be­gained­by­ expanded­ professional­ ties­ and­ network­ linkages­ (Bozeman,­ Dietz,­ &­ Gaughan­2001),­including­but­not­limited­to­industry.
We­also­controlled­for­other­variables­possibly­confounding­the­rela- tionship­between­URC­affiliation­and­industrial­involvement,­including­ tenure,­ age,­ U.S.­ citizenship,­ and­ gender.­ We­ expected­ that­ those­ who­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 107
are­ older­ and­ tenured­ would­ be­ more­ likely­ to­ be­ involved­ with­ indus- try;­our­reasoning­is­that­industrial­activities­generally­do­not­contribute­ much­ in­ tenure­ decisions­ and,­ thus,­ those­ in­ tenure­ jeopardy­ will­ tend­ to­ focus­ more­ time­ on­ traditional­ (non-commercial)­ academic­ research­ (van­ Rijnsoever,­ hessels,­ &­ vandeberg,­ 2008;­ Boardman­ &­ Ponomar- iov,­ 2007).­ With­ regard­ to­ U.S.­ citizenship,­ we­ expected­ that­ this­ is­ to­ some­extent­an­indicator­of­English­language­fluency­and­that­industry,­ all­ else­ equal,­ prefers­ to­ avoid­ communication­ barriers.­ Naturally,­ we­ understand­ that­ many­ non-citizens­ are­ fluent,­ but­ compared­ to­ citizens,­ many­ fewer­ are­ fluent.­ U.S.­ citizenship­ may­ also­ be­ a­ proxy­ for­ social­ capital­and­for­“insider­knowledge”­about­how­to­deal­with­the­univer- sity­and­business­bureaucracies­that­buffer­relationships­between­faculty­ and­industry­(Lee­&­Bozeman,­2005).­finally,­we­controlled­for­gender­ because­we­know­from­other­research­using­this­data­that­women,­both­ those­who­are­URC­affiliates­and­others,­tend­to­be­less­likely­involved­ with­industry­and­also­because­our­data­over-sampled­women­and­such­ a­ control,­ to­ some­ extent,­ remediates­ the­ over-sampling­ (see­ Corley­ &­ Gaughan,­2005,­for­discussion­of­both­points).­
URCs and Faculty Involvement with Students
The Student Involvement Indices. As­was­the­case­with­the­industrial­ involvement­ variables,­ it­ was­ useful­ to­ develop­ multivariate­ indices­ so­ as to vitiate the need for a large number of separate regression models. In­ this­ case,­ we­ developed­ “Student­ Involvement­ Indices”­ based­ on­ a­ factor­ analysis­ of­ the­ two­ motivational­ and­ six­ items­ discussed­ in­ the­ descriptive­ analysis­ above.­ Specifically,­ we­ employed­ a­ principal­ com- ponents­ analysis,­ using­ varimax­ rotation­ to­ ensure­ optimal­ loading­ of­ variables on the dimensions. Table 6 provides the results of the analysis. As­ is­ customary,­ we­ named­ the­ resultant­ factor­ dimensions­ according­ to­ the­ variables­ with­ the­ highest­ magnitude­ loadings­ for­ the­ respective­ factors.­The­first­factor­dimension­we­termed­“Students­Supported”­be- cause­ all­ three­ loadings­ in­ excess­ of­ +/-­ .50­ pertained­ to­ the­ number­ of­ students­ supported.­ The­ second­ Student­ Involvement­ Index,­ “Men- tor­Motivation,”­includes­high­loadings­on­the­two­motivation­variables,­ the­motive­to­seek­grants­to­support­students­and­the­motive­to­collabo- rate­on­research­to­help­graduate­students.­The­third­Index­was­termed­ “Teaching­Undergraduates”­because­the­strongest­positive loading­was­ percentage­of­time­teaching­undergraduates;­teaching­graduate­students­ loads strongly but negative on the dimension.
It­ is­ useful­ to­ note­ that­ the­ three­ factors­ range­ in­ their­ eigenvalues­ from­1.09­to­1.83,­indicating­that­no­factor­is­dominant­and­that­none­is­ a­spurious­or­shadow­factor­(Green,­1983).­furthermore,­let­us­note­that­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼108 The Journal of Higher Education TABLE­6
￼factor­Analysis­of­Student­Impact­variables
factor­Loadings
Grants:­Support­Graduate­Students
# of Undergraduates Supported #­of­Master’s­Students­Supported #­of­Doctoral­Students­Supported Collaboration:­help­Graduate­Students %­time­on­all­advising -0.020 %­time­on­undergraduate­teaching -0.177 %­time­on­graduate­teaching -0.101
￼￼“Students­ Supported”
0.176
“Mentor­ Motivation”
0.687 -0.070 0.101 0.142 0.783 0.468 -0.096 -0.031
“Teaching­ Undergraduates”
0.256 -0.149 0.044 0.186 0.075 -0.247 -0.734 0.773
￼￼0.799 0.659 0.624 0.058
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Note. Specifications:­(a)­Extraction­Method:­Principal­Component­Analysis;­(b)­Rotation­Method:­varimax­with­ kaiser­Normalization;­(c)­Eigenvalues:­“Students­Supported”­(1.83),­“Mentor­Motivation”­(1.27),­“Teaching­Un- dergraduates”­(1.09).
each­of­the­factors­is­an­interval­scale­variable­and,­thus,­can­be­used­as­ a­dependent­variable­in­an­OLS­regression­model.
Hypotheses for URCs and Student Involvement.­Whereas­we­expected­ URC­ affiliation­ to­ have­ only­ modest­ overall­ effects­ on­ industry­ in- volvement,­ we­ expected­ greater­ effects­ on­ certain­ aspects­ of­ student­ involvement:­
hypothesis­2.1:­Compared­to­faculty­who­are­not­affiliated­with­URCs,­affili- ated­faculty­will,­in­general,­be­more involved with students per the “Students Supported” index,­after­controlling­for­variables­mitigating­the­relationship­ between­URC­affiliation­and­student­involvement.
hypothesis­2.2:­Compared­to­faculty­who­are­not­affiliated­with­URCs,­affili- ated­faculty­will,­in­general,­be­more involved with students per the “Mentor Motivation” index,­after­controlling­for­variables­mitigating­the­relationship­ between­URC­affiliation­and­student­involvement.
hypothesis­ 2.3:­ Compared­ to­ faculty­ who­ are­ not­ affiliated­ with­ URCs,­ af- filiated­faculty­will,­in­general,­be­less involved with undergraduate students and more involved with graduate students per the “Teaching Undergradu- ates” index,­after­controlling­for­variables­mitigating­the­relationship­be- tween­URC­affiliation­and­student­involvement.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 109
Except­for­the­expectation­for­teaching­undergraduates,­the­hypothe- ses­for­the­Student­Involvement­Indices­run­counter­to­characterizations­ of­ URCs­ having­ a­ negative­ impact­ on­ faculty­ involvement­ with­ stu- dents.­ Since­ URCs­ typically­ are­ holding­ institutions­ for­ new­ or­ discre- tionary­ resources­ and­ since­ students­ are­ often­ an­ important­ part­ of­ the­ research­ production­ mission­ common­ to­ all­ URCs,­ it­ stands­ to­ reason­ that­ URC­ affiliates­ would­ have­ at­ least­ some­ student­ support­ resources­ beyond­ those­ available­ to­ non-affiliated­ faculty.­ This­ general­ expec- tation­ is­ supported­ by­ previous­ case­ study­ and­ empirical­ research­ on­ URC­faculty­teaching­and­student­interactions­(e.g.,­Corley­&­Gaughan,­ 2005;­ Bozeman­ &­ Gaughan,­ 2011).­ Moreover,­ some­ of­ the­ URC­ types­ in­the­taxonomy­presented­above­have­explicit­educational­missions,­in- cluding­the­center­programs­at­the­NSf­(Bozeman­&­Boardman,­2004).­
Ponomariov­ (2009)­ has­ provided­ not­ only­ the­ most­ general­ empiri- cal­support­(and­therefore­the­strongest­evidence)­of­a­positive­relation- ship­ between­ university-industry­ interactions­ and­ student­ outcomes­ at­ the­faculty­level­of­analysis,­and­controlling­for­URC­affiliation­at­that,­ but­ also­ a­ compelling­ explanation­ of­ the­ positive­ relationship­ in­ terms­ of­cumulative­advantage­(albeit­at­the­individual­faculty­rather­than­the­ university­ level­ of­ analysis).­ Specifically,­ Ponomariov­ explained­ stu- dents­ as­ an­ important­ dimension­ of­ academic­ researchers’­ human­ and­ social­capital­that­is­particularly­suitable­for­the­work­that­characterizes­ many­university-industry­interactions,­in­URCs­as­well­as­in­other­con- texts­and­arrangements.
It­ is­ important­ to­ note­ that­ our­ general­ expectation­ of­ a­ positive­ ef- fect­was­for­graduate students.­In­contrast,­we­expected­that­URCs­may­ have­ a­ negative­ impact­ on­ faculty­ involvement­ with­ students­ in­ situa- tions­ when­ faculty­ research­ may­ be­ less­ integrated­ with­ students,­ for­ instance­ when­ teaching­ undergraduates.­ however,­ if­ prior­ empirical­ findings­ on­ the­ relationship­ between­ faculty­ time­ allocated­ to­ research­ versus­ that­ allocated­ to­ teaching­ is­ to­ serve­ as­ a­ guide,­ we­ know­ that­ for­faculty­in­Carnegie­foundation­research­extensive­universities­(from­ which­the­SAR­sample­was­drawn)­generally­a­null­relationship­is­found­ (feldman,­ 1987;­ Braxton,­ 1996;­ Milem,­ Berger,­ &­ Dey,­ 2000;­ Link,­ Swann,­&­Bozeman,­2008).­
As­ with­ our­ expectations­ for­ the­ Industry­ Involvement­ Index,­ we­ expected­ that­ a­ number­ of­ individual­ factors­ besides­ URC­ affiliation­ would­ explain­ variability­ in­ faculty­ student­ involvement.­ for­ instance,­ tenured­ faculty­ may­ be­ more­ likely­ involved­ with­ teaching­ graduate­ than­ undergraduate­ courses,­ which­ is­ true­ for­ many­ departments­ in­ re- search­ extensive­ universities—the­ latter­ being­ taught­ by­ junior­ faculty­ and­adjuncts.­Thus,­while­we­had­some­expectation­of­a­negative­rela-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼110 The Journal of Higher Education
tionship­ between­ URC­ affiliation­ and­ student­ involvement­ (i.e.,­ teach- ing­undergraduate­students),­this­expectation­was­tentative.­
Our­ general­ expectation­ of­ a­ complementary­ rather­ than­ substitutiv­ relationship­ between­ URC­ affiliation­ and­ student­ involvement­ was­ not­ the­ result­ of­ optimism­ or­ other­ positive­ attitudes­ towards­ URCs­ devel- oped­ during­ our­ past­ research­ on­ the­ topic.­ Indeed,­ much­ of­ our­ work­ on­ centers­ has­ examined­ the­ problems­ that­ affiliation­ poses­ for­ faculty­ (e.g.,­Bozeman­&­Boardman,­2003;­Boardman­&­Bozeman,­2007).­
Considering­that­many­URCs­have­explicit­educational­missions,­we­ expected­a­positive­connection­not­just­between­URC­affiliation­and­stu- dent­ support­ but­ also­ between­ affiliation­ and­ teaching.­ This­ latter­ re- lationship­ (between­ URCs­ and­ teaching)­ has­ received­ the­ least­ atten- tion in past empirical­study­and­constitutes­perhaps­the­most­important­ component­ of­ our­ analysis.­ While­ a­ positive­ correlation­ between­ URC­ affiliation­ and­ student­ support­ may­ still­ be­ interpreted­ “negatively”— as­ academic­ faculty­ capitalizing­ on­ students­ to­ ensure­ their­ own­ profit­ in­ terms­ of­ grants­ and­ contracts­ procured­ from­ government­ and­ indus- try8—finding­a­tandem­positive­correlation­between­URC­affiliation­and­ teaching­will­mitigate­such­an­interpretation.­
Regression Results
URCs and the Industry Involvement Index
Table­ 7­ provides­ the­ results­ for­ an­ OLS­ regression­ model­ for­ the­ In- dustrial­ Involvement­ Index­ on­ the­ center­ taxonomy­ dummies­ as­ well­ as­ on­ controls­ for­ scientific­ field­ (engineering­ is­ the­ reference),­ tenure­ (untenured­ is­ the­ reference),­ gender­ (female­ is­ the­ reference),­ age,­ and­ U.S.­born­(non-native­is­the­reference).­The­results­show­that­the­model­ explains­about­16%­of­the­variance­in­the­Industrial­Involvement­Index­ (adjusted­ R2­ =­ 0.165)­ and­ that­ each­ of­ the­ URC­ taxonomy­ variables­ is­ statistically­significant.­As­we­anticipated,­the­type­of­URC­with­which­ one­ is­ affiliated­ does­ make­ a­ difference.­ While­ each­ of­ the­ beta­ coef- ficients­ is­ significant­ and­ positive,­ the­ University-sponsored­ center­ is­ most­ strongly­ predictive­ of­ industry­ involvement­ and­ the­ State­ centers­ (0.052) the least. The more important story is perhaps the one told by examining­ the­ results­ for­ field.­ While­ the­ engineering­ field­ variable­ is­ excluded­ from­ the­ model­ owing­ to­ collinearity­ tolerances,­ each­ of­ the­ included­fields­is­significantly­and­negatively­associated­with­industrial­ involvement,­ indicating­ that­ relations­ between­ URC­ affiliation­ and­ in- dustrial­involvement,­while­significant,­are­eclipsed­by­field­effects.­The­ implication­ is­ that­ while­ URC­ affiliation­ appears­ to­ increase­ industry­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE­7 Regression­Results­for­the­Industry­Involvement­and­Student­Involvement­Indices
1 if ever tenured
0.434**­ 0.137 (0.086)
0.450** 0.203 (0.062)
0.189** 0.086 (0.064)
0.099** (0.065)
Gender 1­=­Male,­0­=­female
0.302**­ 0.105 (0.070)
0.010 0.005 (0.051)
-0.120* -0.060 (0.053)
0.075**­ (0.053)
0.037 -0.115 -0.075 0.138 0.209 0.230 0.232 0.053
Native-Born­U.S.­Citizen Age­in­years Biology­or­agriculture Math­or­computer­scientist Physicist­or­chemist Engineera University-Sponsored Center
0.164* 0.052 (0.075)
0.096 0.043 (0.055)
-0.029 -0.013 (0.056)
-0.254**­ (0.057)
(1) Industry Involvement Unstandardized­ Standardized­ Coefficients Coefficients
(2) Students Supported Unstandardized­ Standardized­ Coefficients Coefficients
(3)­Mentor­Motivation Unstandardized­ Standardized­ Coefficients Coefficients
(4)­Teaching­Undergraduates Unstandardized­ Standardized­
-0.008* -0.057 (0.004)
-0.015** -0.154 (0.003)
-0.003 -0.036 (0.003)
-0.007**­ (0.003)
-0.653** -0.167 (0.100)
-0.075 -0.027 (0.137)
0.207 0.075 (0.141)
0.378**­ (0.143)
-0.790** -0.197 (0.101)
-0.202 -0.070 (0.138)
0.081 0.028 (0.142)
0.597**­ (0.144)
-1.104** -0.346 (0.083)
-0.069­ -0.031 (0.131)
0.446** 0.198 (0.135)
0.520**­ (0.137)
0.372** 0.102 (0.086)
0.325** 0.126 (0.063)
0.106 0.041 (0.065)
0.137*­ (0.066)
0.320* 0.156 (0.130)
0.631** 0.308 (0.134)
0.476**­ (0.135)
Coefficients
Coefficients 0.045
(continued)
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE­7­(continued) Regression­Results­for­the­Industry­Involvement­and­Student­Involvement­Indices
State-Sponsored Center NSf-Sponsored­Center Other­federal-Sponsored­Centers (Constant)
0.430* 0.052 (0.192)
0.140 0.024 (0.139)
0.218 (0.143)
0.433**­ (0.145)
0.076 0.020 0.056
Observations Adjusted­R­squared
1564 0.165
1532 0.119
1532 0.065
1532 0.037
Note.­Robust­standard­errors­in­parentheses.­
a Excluded­variable:­Engineer­(Tolerance­.000) *­Significant­at­5%.­**­Significant­at­1%­or­better.
(1) Industry Involvement Unstandardized­ Standardized­ Coefficients Coefficients
(2) Students Supported Unstandardized­ Standardized­ Coefficients Coefficients
(3)­Mentor­Motivation Unstandardized­ Standardized­
(4)­Teaching­Undergraduates
0.528** 0.079 (0.157)
0.435* 0.091 (0.117)
0.061 (0.120)
0.013 -0.002
0.096 (0.122)
0.558** 0.073 (0.178)
0.518** 0.094 (0.134)
-0.012 (0.138)
0.310*­ (0.139)
1.284 (0.169)
0.153 (0.168)
-0.326 (0.173)
-0.108 (0.175)
Coefficients
Coefficients 0.038
Unstandardized­ Coefficients
Standardized­ Coefficients
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 113 involvement,­ the­ overrepresentation­ of­ engineers­ in­ URCs­ may­ be­ the­
more­important­characteristic.­
URCs and the Students Supported Index
Table­7­also­gives­the­results­for­the­Student­Involvement­Indices,­the­ first­of­which­is­the­“Students­Supported”­Index.­The­standardized­beta­ coefficients­for­affiliation­with­URCs­in­the­University,­NSf,­and­Other­ categories­are­positive­and­significant.­The­findings­for­State-sponsored­ URCs,­while­in­a­modestly­positive­direction,­are­not­statistically­signif- icant.­We­speculated­that­these­State­URCs­tend­to­have­less­reliance­on­ federal­ grants­ and,­ as­ a­ result,­ less­ external­ funding­ for­ support­ of­ stu- dents.­Also­they­are­somewhat­more­likely­to­be­commercially­focused­ and,­ thus,­ students­ may­ play­ a­ lesser­ “production”­ role­ than­ in­ centers­ more­focused­on­fundamental­or­pre-commercial­research.­
While­the­URC­variables­were­our­chief­interest,­the­model’s­results­ offer­ other­ potentially­ interesting­ findings.­As­ with­ the­ findings­ for­ in- dustry­ involvement,­ engineers­ are­ more­ likely­ to­ support­ students­ than­ are­ faculty­ in­ other­ fields.­ This­ finding,­ which­ is­ in­ accord­ with­ previ- ous­ studies­ with­ a­ different­ but­ comparable­ database­ (Lin­ &­ Bozeman,­ 2006),­ is­ not­ surprising­ for­ at­ least­ two­ reasons.­ first,­ the­ largest­ and­ best-funded­ URCs­ (e.g.,­ the­ NSf­ centers),­ which­ tend­ to­ have­ educa- tional­missions,­also­tend­to­have­a­disproportionate­percentage­of­engi- neers.­Second,­engineers­tend­to­be­considerably­more­active­in­support- ing­master’s­students­and­no­less­active­in­supporting­doctoral­students­ (Lin­&­Bozeman,­2006;­Bozeman­&­Gaughan,­2007).
Unexpectedly,­age­is­negatively­related­with­student­support,­but­ten- ure­ is­ (as­ expected)­ positively­ related.­After­ checking­ frequencies,­ dif- ferences­ of­ means,­ and­ zero­ order­ correlations,­ we­ observed­ that­ these­ findings­are­valid­ones.­A­scan­of­the­original­data­suggests­that­the­re- lationship­ is­ curvilinear­ with­ the­ youngest­ respondents­ and­ the­ oldest­ respondents­ supporting­ fewer­ students.­ But­ since­ the­ curve­ of­ student­ support and age is steeper at the front end of the age distribution than in the­back­end,­the­beta­for­linear­regression­is­as­we­have­observed.
URCs and the Mentor Motivation Index
The­model­for­a­second­Student­Involvement­Index,­“Mentor­Motiva- tion,”­ is­ not­ well­ accounted­ for­ by­ URC­ affiliation­ of­ any­ type.­ Table­ 7­ shows­ that­ one’s­ affiliation­ with­ a­ URC­ does­ not­ seem­ to­ affect­ stu- dent-oriented­motivation­for­grant­support­or­research­collaboration.­In- stead,­ the­ modest­ amount­ of­ variance­ explained­ in­ this­ model­ is­ best­ accounted­ for­ by­ tenure­ status,­ with­ tenured­ persons­ having­ a­ positive­ association­ with­ the­ “mentor”­ dimension­ and,­ by­ field,­ with­ engineers­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼114 The Journal of Higher Education
and­ physicists/chemists­ more­ likely­ to­ have­ a­ positive­ association­ with­
the dimension.
URCs and the Teaching Undergraduates Index
finally,­ Table­ 7­ shows­ the­ results­ for­ the­ last­ Student­ Involvement­ Index,­“Teaching­Undergraduates,”­to­be­more­robust.­Among­the­URC­ types,­ only­ affiliation­ with­ NSf­ centers­ does­ not­ have­ a­ positive­ asso- ciation­ with­ the­ teaching­ dimension,­ implying­ not­ only­ that­ faculty­ in­ NSf­centers­spend­less­time­teaching­undergraduates­but­also­that­these­ URC­ affiliates­ spend­ more­ time­ teaching­ graduate­ students.­ The­ State- sponsored­ centers­ have­ the­ strongest­ association­ with­ the­ dimension.­ As­with­the­findings­for­the­Students­Supported­Index,­this­may­be­due­ to­ a­ somewhat­ lesser­ degree­ of­ dependence­ by­ these­ centers­ on­ federal­ grants­and,­as­a­result,­less­funds­available­for­teaching­buyout.­
The­ finding­ that­ native-born­ U.S.­ citizens­ have­ a­ negative­ relation- ship­to­teaching­undergraduates­is­possibly­explained­by­the­measure­of­ the­key­variables­in­the­dimension.­The­teaching­items­did­not­ask­how­ many­ courses­ are­ taught­ or­ how­ many­ students­ but­ how­ much­ time­ is­ spent­ on­ teaching.­ Since­ a­ majority­ of­ the­ non-native­ U.S.­ citizens­ do­ not­ speak­ English­ as­ a­ first­ language,­ it­ is­ at­ least­ possible­ that­ more­ preparation­ time­ is­ required­ of­ them.­Another­ possibility­ is­ that­ native­ English­speakers­are­more­adept­at­obtaining­grants­and­teaching­buyout­ and­that­they­prefer­to­buy­out­of­undergraduate­classes.
Discussion and Conclusions
Given­our­dual­interest­in­the­effects­of­URCs­on­both the industry and­ student­ involvement­ of­ faculty­ affiliates,­ the­ regression­ results­ are­ most­ appropriately­ discussed­ collectively.­ To­ discuss­ each­ individu- ally­ does­ not­ exclude­ necessarily­ the­ assumptions­ and­ interpretations­ found­ in­ prior­ research­ and­ commentary—specifically­ those­ from­ the­ academic­ capitalist­ literature­ that­ industry­ involvement­ by­ faculty­ ne- cessitates­either­a­tradeoff­with­student­involvement­or­somehow­alters­ faculty­ involvement­ with­ students­ towards­ “profitable”­ ends—that­ we­ avoid­by­empirically­addressing­both­industry-­and­student-related­out- comes­for­URC­affiliates.­
By­ themselves­ the­ regression­ results­ for­ industry­ involvement­ may­ give­the­impression­that­URC­affiliates­are­indeed­“capitalism’s­slaves,”­ since­ respondents­ to­ our­ survey­ affiliated­ with­ each­ URC­ type­ have­ higher­ scores­ on­ the­ Industry­ Involvement­ Index­ when­ compared­ to­ their­ non-affiliated­ counterparts.­ however,­ even­ limiting­ interpretation­ to­this­single­model,­this­“capitalism’s­slaves”­conclusion­is­quite­a­leap­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 115
from­ the­ empirical­ results.­ The­ relative­ effects­ of­ the­ URC­ affiliation­ on­industry­involvement­were­quite­small­when­compared­to­the­scien- tific­and­engineering­field­effects­and­also­when­compared­to­the­effect­ of­ tenure­ status.­ Thus,­ to­ the­ extent­ that­ one­ may­ use­ these­ findings­ to­ characterize­URC­affiliates­as­beholden­to­market­demands,­so­must­se- nior­faculty­and­engineers­be­characterized.­The­appropriate­conclusion­ to­ draw­ from­ this­ single­ model­ is­ that­ on­ average­ all­ university­ faculty­ are­involved­with­industry­at­some­level­and­that­URC­affiliates­are­only­ slightly­more­involved,­at­least­for­a­representative­sample­of­faculty­in­ Carnegie­research­extensive­universities.
The­results­do­not­show­academic­researchers­as­necessarily­beholden­ to­ market­ demands­ at­ the­ expense­ of­ universities’­ traditional­ research­ and­educational­missions,­which­is­the­predominant­concern­behind­the­ academic­capitalist­critique.­Interpreting­the­results­for­student­involve- ment­in­light­of­those­for­industry­involvement,­we­know­that­center­af- filiation­does­not­result­in­faculty­flight­from­students­and,­importantly,­ from­teaching.­Rather,­the­regression­findings­show­that­the­same­URC­ affiliates­ who­ are­ somewhat­ more­ involved­ with­ industry­ than­ non-af- filiated­ faculty­ are­ also­ more­ likely­ to­ support­ both­ undergraduate­ and­ graduate students. While this may be interpreted as students being dealt as­ “tokens­ of­ exchange”­ (Slaughter,­ Campbell,­ folleman,­ &­ Morgan,­ 2002)­from­faculty­to­industry,­such­an­interpretation­of­faculty­motives­ is­called­into­serious­question­when­one­additionally­considers­that­URC­ affiliates­are­also­more­involved­with­teaching­undergraduates—perhaps­ the­educational­activity­with­the­least­opportunity­for­faculty­“profit.”­
We­ do­ not­ wish­ to­ overstate­ our­ findings.­ While­ the­ nightmare­ sce- narios,­those­seeing­URCs­as­fundamentally­undermining­the­traditional­ missions of universities, obtain no support from the data presented here, this­ is­ not­ to­ say­ that­ such­ scenarios­ do­ not­ exist.­ Ours­ is­ an­ aggregate­ analysis,­and­case­studies­suggest­a­range­of­possible­outcomes.­We­do­ not­ wish­ to­ imply­ that­ URCs­ are­ an­ unalloyed­ benefit­ for­ education,­ and­ we­ have­ no­ doubt­ that­ there­ are­ circumstances­ where­ URC­ affili- ates­ are­ torn­ in­ multiple­ directions,­ resulting­ in­ less­ attention­ to­ teach- ing,­regardless­of­the­teaching­load­(see­Boardman­&­Bozeman,­2007).­ This­variability­in­the­unintended­effects­of­URCs,­we­believe,­has­to­do­ variability­at­the­center­level.­One­of­the­chief­themes­of­this­paper­has­ been­that­not­all­URC­types­are­the­same­and­that­being­a­center­affiliate­ may­have­different­meaning­depending­on­the­type­of­URC.­Whether­or­ not­our­assessment­of­the­differences­between­URCs­is­the­correct­one,­ we­have­made­clear­that­URCs­are­not­homogenous­and­much­remains­ to­ be­ learned­ by­ developing­ a­ deeper­ knowledge­ of­ their­ differences.­ In­ particular,­ the­ pervasive­ notion­ that­ URCs­ are­ centers­ for­ academic­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼116 The Journal of Higher Education
commerce­ seems­ clearly­ overstated.­ Most­ URCs­ and­ the­ faculty­ per- forming­research­in­URCs­are­oriented­to­traditional,­public­domain,­re- search­publications.­Academic­capitalism­merits­study­not­because­it­is­ the­norm­but­because­of­its­exceptionalism.­
Notes
This­material­is­based­on­work­supported­by­the­National­Science­foundation:­“Assess- ing­R­and­D­Projects’­Impacts­on­Scientific­and­Technical­human­Capital­Development”­ (SBR­ 9818229,­ Barry­ Bozeman,­ PI)­ and­ “NSf­ CAREER:­ University­ Determinants­ of­ Women’s­Academic­Career­Success”­(REC-0710836,­Monica­Gaughan,­PI).­The­authors­ gratefully­ acknowledge­ the­ support­ of­ the­ National­ Science­ foundation.­Any­ opinions,­ findings,­ conclusions,­ or­ recommendations­ expressed­ in­ this­ material­ are­ those­ of­ the­ authors­and­do­not­necessarily­reflect­the­views­of­the­National­Science­foundation.­We­ thank­Rebecca­Arce,­Min-wei­Lin,­Tolga­Arslan,­and­Branco­Ponomariov­for­their­work­ during­data­collection.­The­authors­are­grateful­to­Monica­Gaughan­for­her­contributions­ to­the­data­and­conceptualization­of­the­project.­
1­ Or­ we­ referred­ to­ departmental­ web­ pages­ if­ the­ university­ catalog­ was­ not­ avail- able online.
2­ Generally,­ these­ respondents­ reported­ affiliations­ with­ laboratories­ supported­ by­ a­ single­academic­department.­In­a­few­cases,­respondents­reported­affiliations­with­quali- fying­URCs­but­for­periods­in­which­the­respondents­were­graduate­students­or­postdoc- toral­ researchers­ (we­ focused­ only­ on­ faculty­ affiliates).­ In­ addition­ to­ these­ factors,­ it­ is­ likely­ (though­ we­ have­ no­ direct­ evidence)­ that­ some­ discrepancy­ is­ due­ to­ the­ fact­ that­ “center­ affiliation,”­ a­ seemingly­ discrete­ behavior,­ is­ not­ a­ clear-cut­ phenomenon.­ Whereas reporting that one is, say, an assistant professor, has formal meaning and is based­ ultimately­ on­ formal­ documents,­ center­ affiliation­ is­ rarely­ so­ formal.­At­ many­ centers,­ there­ are­ several­ layers­ of­ involvement­ ranging­ from­ name-only­ to­ day-to-day­ activity­and­interaction.
3­On­those­occasions­where­it­did­not­seem­clear,­even­after­some­considerable­inves- tigation­as­to­whether­a­URC­should­be­classed­“State”­or­“University,”­we­telephoned­ or­wrote­emails­asking­for­clarification.­All­those­with­whom­we­communicated­(usually­ center­directors­or­their­administrative­staff)­responded.­
4­ See,­ for­ example,­ http://www.nsf.gov/pubs/2009/nsf09545/nsf09545.htm,­ down- loaded­September­5,­2009.
5­See,­for­example,­the­independent­sites­for­the­NSf­Engineering­Research­Centers­ program,­ http://erc-assoc.org/,­ and­ the­ NSf­ Materials­ Research­ Science­ and­ Engineer- ing­Centers,­http://www.mrsec.org/.­
6­ We­ feel­ this­ set­ is­ a­ good­ approximation­ of­ our­ URC­ sampling­ population.­ how- ever,­there­is­one­artifact­of­the­sampling­population­that­renders­it­an­imperfect­indica- tor­of­the­entire­population­of­URCs.­Since­we­did­not­include­medical­faculty­and­med- ical­ schools­ in­ our­ STEM­ sample,­ we­ have­ underestimated­ NIh­ centers.­ however,­ the­ NIh­began­its­centers­programs­relatively­late­compared­to­many­of­the­federal­agencies­ represented­in­Table­1,­and­thus­it­is­likely­that­the­underrepresentation­is­a­modest­one.­ Today,­NIh­has­27­intramural centers­and­institutes,­and­these­remain­a­stronger­focus­ than­ university-based­ centers­ (National­ Institutes­ of­ health,­ 2009).­ Examining­ the­ P50­ classification­ center­ awards­ from­ NIh­ leads­ us­ to­ believe­ that­ NIh­ represents­ about­ 3–4%­of­all­URCs.­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 117
7­ Among­ the­ 1714­ respondents­ in­ the­ sample,­ 23­ reported­ they­ were­ not­ involved­ in­pursuing­grants­and­contracts.­These­individuals­are­treated­as­missing­data­for­this­ variable.
8­ The­ wording,­ though,­ of­ the­ grants­ and­ collaboration­ motivation­ items­ discussed­ above­for­the­Student­Involvement­Indices­strongly­imply­that­students­are­the­motiva- tion­to­pursue­grants­and­collaborators,­not­the­other­way­around.­
References
Agrawal­ A.,­ &­ henderson,­ R.­ (2002).­ Putting­ patents­ in­ context:­ Exploring­ knowledge­ transfer from MIT. Management Science, 48,­44–60.
Azoulay,­P.,­Ding,­W.,­&­Stuart,­T.­(2006).­The impact of academic patenting on the rate, quality, and direction of (public) research output (Working­Paper­#11917).­National­ Bureau­of­Economic­Research,­Cambridge,­MA.
Baldini,­ N.­ (2008).­ Negative­ effects­ of­ university­ patenting:­ Myths­ and­ grounded­ evi- dence.­Scientometrics, 75(2), 289–311.
Barney,­J.­(1991).­firm­resources­and­sustained­competitive­advantage.­Journal of Man- agement, 17(1),­99–120.
Boardman,­C.­(2009).­Government­centrality­in­university-industry­interactions:­Univer- sity­ research­ centers­ and­ the­ industry­ involvement­ of­ academic­ researchers.­ Research Policy, 38,­1505–1516.
Boardman,­C.,­&­Bozeman,­B.­(2007).­Role­strain­in­university­research­centers.­The Jour- nal of Higher Education, 78(4),­430–463.
Boardman,­ C.,­ &­ Corley,­ E.­ (2008).­ University­ research­ centers­ and­ the­ composition­ of­ research­collaborations.­Research Policy, 37,­900–913.
Boardman,­ C.,­ &­ Gray,­ D.­ (2010).­ The­ new­ science­ and­ engineering­ management:­ Co- operative­ research­ centers­ as­ government­ policies,­ industry­ strategies,­ and­ organiza- tions. The Journal of Technology Transfer, 35(5),­445–459.
Boardman,­ C.,­ &­ Ponomariov,­ B.­ (2007).­ Reward­ systems­ and­ NSf­ university­ research­ centers:­The­impact­of­tenure­on­university­scientists’­valuation­of­applied­and­commer- cially-relevant­research.­The Journal of Higher Education, 78(1),­51–70.
Bouty,­I.­(2000).­Interpersonal­and­interaction­influences­on­informal­resource­exchanges­ between­R­&­D­researchers­across­organizational­boundaries.­Academy of Management Journal, 43(1),­50–65.­
Bowen,­h.­R.,­&­Schuster,­J.­h.­(1986).­American professors: A national resource imper- iled. New­york:­Oxford­University­Press.
Boyer,­E.­L.­(1990).­Scholarship reconsidered: Priorities of the professoriate.­Princeton,­ NJ:­Carnegie­foundation­for­the­Advancement­of­Teaching.
Bozeman,­ B.,­ &­ Boardman,­ C.­ (2003).­ Managing­ the­ new­ multipurpose,­ multidiscipline­ university­research­center:­Institutional­innovation­in­the­academic­community.­Wash- ington,­D.C.:­IBM­Endowment­for­the­Business­of­Government.
Bozeman,­ B.,­ &­ Boardman,­ C.­ (2004).­ The­ NSf­ engineering­ research­ centers­ and­ the­ university-industry­research­revolution.­The Journal of Technology Transfer, 29(3–4),­ 365–375.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼118 The Journal of Higher Education
Bozeman,­B.,­Dietz,­J.,­&­Gaughan,­M.­(2001).­Scientific­and­technical­human­capital:­An­ alternative­model­for­research­evaluation.­International Journal of Technology Manage- ment, 22(7–8),­636–655.
Bozeman,­ B.,­ &­ Gaughan,­ M.­ (2007).­ Impacts­ of­ grants­ and­ contracts­ on­ academic­ re- searchers’­interactions­with­industry.­Research Policy, 36,­694–707.
Bozeman,­ B.,­ &­ Gaughan,­ M.­ (2011).­ Job­ satisfaction­ among­ university­ faculty:­ Indi- vidual,­work,­and­institutional­determinants.­The Journal of Higher Education, 82(2), 154–186.
Braxton,­ J.­ M.­ (1996).­ Public­ trust,­ research­ activity,­ and­ the­ ideal­ of­ service­ to­ students­ as­clients­of­teaching.­In­J.­B.­Braxton,­(Ed.),­Faculty teaching and research: Is there a conflict? (pp.­1–22). New­Directions­of­Institutional­Research,­No.­90.­San­francisco:­ Jossey-Bass.
Breschi­S.,­Lissoni,­f.,­&­Montobbio,­f.­(2005).­from­publishing­to­patenting:­Do­produc- tive­scientists­turn­into­academic­inventors?­Revue d’Economie Industrielle, 110(2), 75–102.
Bush,­v.­(1945).­Science: The endless frontier. Washington­DC:­United­States­Government­ Printing­Office.­
Cage,­ M.­ C.­ (1991).­ States­ questioning­ how­ much­ time­ professors­ spend­ working­ with­ undergraduate students. Chronicle of Higher Education, 37,­1–20.
Carnegie­ foundation.­ (2000).­ Classification­ of­ higher­ education.­ http://www.carnegief- oundtion.org/Classification/index.htm.
Clark,­B.­R.­(1998).­Creating entrepreneurial universities: organisational pathways of transformation.­Oxford:­Pergamon/Elsevier­Science.
Coburn,­C.­(1995).­Partnerships.­Columbus,­Ohio:­Battelle­Press. Corley,­E.,­Boardman,­C.,­&­Bozeman,­B.­(2006).­Design­and­the­management­of­multi-
institutional­research­collaborations.­Research Policy, 35,­975–993. Corley,­E.,­&­Gaughan,­M.­(2005).­Scientists’­participation­in­university­research­centers:­
What­are­the­gender­differences?­Journal of Technology Transfer, 30(4),­371–381. Diamond,­R.­M.­(1993).­Instituting­change­in­the­faculty­reward­system.­New Directions
for Higher Education, 81, 13–22.
Diamond,­R.­M.­(1999).­Aligning faculty rewards with institutional mission: Statements,
policies, and guidelines.­Boston:­Anker.
Dresser,­P.­(1989).­Research centers directory (13th ed.). Detroit:­Gale­Research.
Etzkowitz,­h.­(1998).­The­norms­of­entrepreneurial­science:­Cognitive­effects­of­the­new­ university-industry­linkages.­Research Policy, 27(2),­109–123.
feldman,­ k.­A.­ (1987).­ Research­ productivity­ and­ scholarly­ accomplishment­ of­ college­ teachers­as­related­to­their­instructional­effectiveness:­A­review­and­exploration.­Re- search in Higher Education, 26(3),­227–298.
Gaughan,­M.,­&­Corley,­E.­A.­(2010).­Science­faculty­at­U.S.­research­universities:­The­ impacts­of­university­research­center­affiliation­and­gender­on­industrial­activities.­Tech- novation, 30,­215–222.­
Grant,­R.­M.­(1996).­Prospering­in­dynamically-competitive­environments:­Organization- al­capability­as­knowledge­integration.­Organization Science, 7(4),­375–387.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Academic Faculty in University Research Centers 119 Green,­ S.­ G.­ (1983).­ Identifiability­ of­ spurious­ factors­ using­ linear­ factor­ analysis­ with­
binary items. Applied Psychological Measurement, 7(2),­139–147.
hackett,­ E.­ J.­ (2001).­ Science­ as­ a­ vocation­ in­ the­ 1990s:­ The­ changing­ organizational­ cultures­of­academic­science.­In­J.­Croissant­&­S.­Restivo­(Eds.),­Degrees of compro- mise: Industrial interests and academic values (pp.­101–138).­Albany:­State­University­ of­New­york­Press.
hagedoorn,­J.,­Link,­A.­N.,­&­vonortas,­N.­S.­(2000).­Research­partnerships.­Research Policy, 29,­567–586.
henderson,­R.,­Jaffe,­A.­B.,­&­Trajtenberg,­M.­(1998).­Universities­as­a­source­of­com- mercial­technology:­A­detailed­analysis­of­university­patenting,­1965–88.­Review of Economics and Statistics, 80,­119–132.
hicks,­D.,­&­hamilton,­k.­(1999).­Does­university-industry­collaboration­adversely­affect­ university­research?­Issues in Science and Technology, 74–75.
hinds,­P.,­&­kiesler,­S.­(1995).­Communication­across­boundaries:­Work,­structure,­and­ use­of­communication­technologies­in­a­large­organization.­Organization Science, 6(4), 373–391.­
Iansiti,­ M.­ (1995).­ Technology­ integration:­ Managing­ technological­ evolution­ in­ a­ com- plex­environment.­Research Policy, 24(4),­521–542.­
krimsky,­S.­(2003). Science in the private interest: Has the lure of profits corrupted bio- medical research?­Lanham,­Maryland:­Rowman­and­Littlefield­Publishers.
Lee,­S.,­&­Bozeman,­B.­(2005).­The­impact­of­research­collaboration­on­scientific­produc- tivity. Social Studies of Science, 35(5),­673–702.­
Lee,­y.­(1996).­“Technology­transfer”­and­the­research­university:­A­search­for­the­bound- aries­of­university-industry­collaboration.­Research Policy, 25(6),­843–863.
Lin,­ M.,­ &­ Bozeman,­ B.­ (2006).­ Researchers’­ industry­ experience­ and­ productivity­ in­ university-industry­ research­ centers:­A­ “scientific­ and­ technical­ human­ capital”­ expla- nation. The Journal of Technology Transfer, 31(2),­269–290.
Link,­A.,­&­Scott,­J.­T.­(2005).­Opening­the­ivory­tower’s­door:­An­analysis­of­the­deter- minants­of­the­formation­of­U.S.­university­spin-off­companies.­Research Policy, 34(7), 1106–1112.
Link,­A.­N.,­Swann,­C.,­&­Bozeman,­B.­(2008).­A­time­allocation­study­of­university­fac- ulty. Economics of Education Review, 27(4),­363–374.­
Massy,­ W.,­ &­ Zemsky,­ R.­ (1994).­ faculty­ discretionary­ time:­ Departments­ and­ the­ aca- demic­ratchet.­The Journal of Higher Education, 65, 1–22.
Meyer,­M.­(2006).­Are­patenting­scientists­the­better­scholars?­An­exploratory­comparison­ of­inventor­authors­with­their­non-inventing­peers­in­nanoscience­and­technology.­Re- search Policy, 35,­1646–1662.
Milem,­ J.­ f.,­ Berger,­ J.­ B.,­ &­ and­ Dey,­ E.­ L.­ (2000).­ faculty­ time­ allocation:­A­ study­ of­ change­over­twenty­years.­The Journal of Higher Education, 71(4),­454–475.
Mowery,­D.­C.,­Nelson,­R.­R.,­Sampat,­B.,­&­Ziedonis,­A.­(2001).­The­growth­of­patenting­ and­licensing­by­U.S.­universities:­an­assessment­of­the­effects­of­the­Bayh–Dole­act­of­ 1980.­Research Policy, 30(1),­99–119.­
Mowery,­D.­C.,­&­Ziedonis,­A.­(2002).­Academic­patent­quality­and­quantity­before­and­ after­the­Bayh–Dole­act­in­the­United­States.­Research Policy, 31(3),­399–418.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼120 The Journal of Higher Education National­Institutes­of­health.­(2009).­Office­of­the­Director­(Description).­Retrieved­from­
http://www.nih.gov/icd/od/index.htm.­
Ponomariov,­B.­(2008).­Effects­of­university­characteristics­on­scientists’­interactions­with­ the­private­sector:­An­exploratory­assessment.­The Journal of Technology Transfer, 33(5),­485–503.
Ponomariov,­B.­(2009).­Student­centrality­in­university-industry­interactions.­Industry and Higher Education, 23,­50–62.
Ponomariov,­B.,­&­Boardman,­C.­(2010).­Influencing­scientists’­collaboration­and­produc- tivity­ patterns­ through­ new­ institutions:­ University­ research­ centers­ and­ scientific­ and­ technical­human­capital.­Research Policy, 39(5),­613–624.­
Rogers,­E.­M.,­Takegami,­S.,­&­yin,­J.­(2001).­Lessons­learned­about­technology­transfer.­ Technovation, 21(4),­253–261.­
Ruscio,­k.­P.­(1984).­The­changing­context­of­academic­science:­University-industry­rela- tions­in­biotechnology­and­the­public­policy­implications.­Policy Studies Review, 4(2), 259–275.
Slaughter,­S.,­Campbell,­T.,­folleman,­M.­h.,­&­Morgan,­E.­(2002)­The­“traffic”­in­gradu- ate­ students:­ Graduate­ students­ as­ tokens­ of­ exchange­ between­ academe­ and­ industry.­ Science, Technology and Human Values, 27(2),­282–313.
Slaughter,­S.­&­Leslie,­L.­L.­(1997).­Academic Capitalism: Politics, Policies, and the En- trepreneurial University.­Baltimore:­Johns­hopkins­University­Press.
Slaughter,­ S.,­ &­ Rhoades,­ G.­ (1996).­ The­ emergence­ of­ a­ competitiveness­ research­ and­ development­policy­coalition­and­the­commercialization­of­academic­science­and­tech- nology. Science, Technology and Human Values, 21,­303–339.
Slaughter,­S.,­&­Rhoades,­G.­(2004).­Academic capitalism and the new economy. Balti- more: Johns­hopkins­University­Press.
Stokes,­D.­(1997).­Pasteur’s quadrant.­Washington,­D.C.:­Brookings­Institution­Press. Thursby,­ J.­ G.,­ &­ Thursby,­ M.­ C.­ (2002).­ Who­ is­ selling­ the­ ivory­ tower?­ Sources­ of­
growth­in­university­licensing.­Management Science, 48,­90–104.
van­ Looy,­ B.,­ Callaert,­ J.,­ &­ Debackere,­ k.­ (2006).­ Publication­ and­ patent­ behaviour­ of­ academic­researchers:­Conflicting,­reinforcing­or­merely­co-existing?­Research Policy, 35,­596–608.
van­Looy,­B.,­Ranga,­M.,­Callaert,­J.,­Debackere,­k.,­&­Zimmermann,­E.­(2004).­Combin- ing­entrepreneurial­and­scientific­performance­in­academia:­Towards­a­compounded­and­ reciprocal­Matthew-effect?­Research Policy, 33,­425–441.
van­Rijnsoever,­f.­J.,­hessels,­L.­k.,­&­vandeberg,­R.­L.­J.­(2008).­A­resource-based­view­ on­the­interactions­of­university­researchers. Research Policy, 37,­1255–1266.
Welsh,­R.,­Glenn,­L.,­Lacy,­W.,­&­Biscotti,­D.­(2008).­Close­enough­but­not­too­far:­As- sessing­the­effects­of­university-industry­research­relationships­and­the­rise­of­academic­ capitalism.­Research Policy, 37,­1255–1266.
Winship,­C.,­&­Radbill,­L.­(1994).­Sampling­weights­and­regression­analysis.­Sociological Methods & Research, 23,­230–257.
youtie,­J.,­Libaers,­D.,­&­Bozeman,­B.­(2006).­Institutionalization­of­university­research­ centers:­The­case­of­the­National­Cooperative­Program­in­Infertility­Research.­Techno- vation, 26(9),­1055–1063.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.



TITLE: Discourses of Whiteness: White Students at Catholic women’s Colleges (Dis)engaging Race, The Journal of Higher Education,­ Vol.­84,­ No.­1­




￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Rebecca Ropers-Huilman Kelly T. Winters
Kathryn A. E. Enke
Discourses of whiteness:
white students at Catholic women’s Colleges (Dis)engaging Race
To better understand how White college women understand and are influenced by white- ness, we discursively analyzed data from interviews and focus groups with 25 White se- niors at two Catholic women’s colleges. Findings suggest that participants understood whiteness through discourses of insignificance, nominal difference, responsibility, and transformation and that these understandings affected students’ college experiences and envisioned futures.
Attention to the construction of white ‘experience’ is important, both to trans- forming the meaning of whiteness and to transforming the relations of race in general (Frankenberg, 1993, p. 242).
The dominant white culture is killing us slowly with its ignorance (Anzaldúa, 1990, p. 385).
Many­ higher­ education­ institutions­ in­ the­ United­ States­ articulate­ di- versity­and­equity­as­explicit­values.­Their­commitment­can­be­seen­in­ mission­ statements,­ the­ investment­ of­ resources­ in­ offices­ of­ diversity­ and­equity,­student­affairs­programming,­and­the­incorporation­of­diver- sity­courses­in­liberal­education­requirements.­yet,­in­most­settings,­“di- versity”­ refers­ to­ non-White­ people­ and­ other­ subordinate­ groups,­ and­
Rebecca Ropers-Huilman is Professor in the Department of Organizational Leadership, Policy, & Development at University of Minnesota. Kelly T. Winters is a PhD. Candidate at the University of Minnesota. Kathryn A.E. Enke is Chief of Staff and Executive As- sistant to the President at the College of Saint Benedict.
The Journal of Higher Education,­vol.­84,­No.­1­(January/february) Copyright­©­2013­by­The­Ohio­State­University
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discourses of Whiteness 29
the­resources­gathered­around­the­diversity­banner­seek­to­challenge­the­ discrimination­those­groups­face­rather­than­acknowledge­the­privilege­ that­dominant­groups­experience.­This­pattern­of­focusing­only­on­those­ who­are­directly­harmed­by­policies­and­practices­obscures­the­problem,­ acknowledging­the­harmful­effects­of­racism­while­leaving­unexamined­ those­ who­ directly­ benefit­ from—and­ likely­ have­ a­ stake­ in­ maintain- ing—the­systems­of­privilege­and­oppression.­further,­the­failure­to­in- corporate­ analyses­ of­ White­ people’s­ racialized­ experiences­ in­ higher­ education­ practice,­ research,­ and­ policy­ makes­ unintelligible­ the­ ways­ in­ which­ those­ who­ are­ White­ simultaneously­ benefit­ from,­ are­ com- plicit­in,­and­are­harmed­by­racism.
In­ this­ article,­ we­ discuss­ how­ White­ women­ who­ were­ seniors­ at­ two­ Catholic­ women’s­ colleges­ thought­ about­ their­ own­ racial­ identi- ties­given­their­experiences­with­their­institutions’­systematized­empha- sis­ (through­ required­ coursework,­ study­ abroad,­ campus­ programming,­ etc.)­on­racial­or­cultural­understanding.­We­present­our­analysis­of­in- terviews­ and­ focus­ groups­ with­ students­ and­ point­ out­ the­ many­ com- plexities­ associated­ with­ White­ students’­ understandings­ of­ their­ own­ whiteness­ in­ these­ contexts.­ Specifically,­ we­ consider­ the­ various­ dis- courses­ that­ participants­ use­ to­ construct­ their­ own­ identities,­ choices,­ and­ visions­ for­ the­ future.­ We­ conclude­ that­ extant­ educational­ efforts­ likely­are­not­sufficient­in­helping­White­women­students­develop­a­ra- cially­ self-conscious­ identity,­ and­ we­ offer­ recommendations­ for­ how­ predominantly­White­institutions­could­continue­to­foster­racial­under- standing­with­their­White­students.
Constructions of Whiteness
Whiteness,­as­it­takes­shape­in­the­United­States­and­has­implications­ for­ nations­ across­ the­ globe,­ is­ a­ constructed­ category­ that­ was­ devel- oped­ historically­ in­ accordance­ with­ the­ socioeconomic,­ cultural,­ and­ political­ desires­ of­ those­ who­ had­ the­ power­ to­ make­ such­ categoriza- tions­(Omi­&­Winant,­1994;­California­Newsreel,­2003;­Takaki,­1994).­ Whiteness­ became­ a­ construct­ through­ which­ those­ identifying­ with­ it­ could­ gain­ and­ maintain­ socioeconomic­ power.­ Through­ the­ history­ of­ the­ United­ States,­ various­ groups­ were­ first­ rejected­ from­ and­ then­ assimilated­ into­ whiteness­ (Irish,­ German,­ Polish,­ etc.),­ while­ other­ groups’­ claims­ to­ the­ social­ and­ material­ benefits­ of­ whiteness­ have­ shifted­ dramatically­ over­ history.­ In­ each­ case,­ individual­ and­ group­ experiences­ were­ influenced­ by­ other­ identities­ as­ well­ (class,­ gender,­ etc.).
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼30 The Journal of Higher Education
In­ contemporary­ U.S.­ society,­ whiteness­ remains­ a­ salient­ facet­ of­ nearly­ all­ social­ institutions.­ for­ example,­ of­ fortune­ 100­ board­ mem- bers,­ 85%­ identify­ as­ White­ (Alliance­ for­ Board­ Diversity,­ 2008).­ Of­ federal­ judges,­ 85%­ are­ White­ (Biographical­ Directory­ of­ federal­ Judges,­ 2009).­ Of­ college­ and­ university­ presidents,­ 86%­ are­ White­ (American­ Council­ on­ Education,­ 2007).­ further,­ a­ persistent­ gap­ ex- ists­ between­ the­ rates­ of­ immediate­ college­ attendance­ for­ White­ high­ school­ graduates­ and­ Black­ graduates­ (69%­ versus­ 55%)­ and­ between­ White­and­hispanic/Latino­graduates­(69%­versus­58%)­(NCES,­2009).­ These­ experiences­ are­ situated­ within­ a­ national­ context­ that­ in­ 2008­ was­estimated­as­80%­White,­13%­African­American,­5%­Asian­Ameri- can,­ 1%­ Native­American,­ less­ than­ 1%­ Native­ hawaiian­ or­ Pacific­ Is- lander,­ 2%­ two­ or­ more­ races,­ and­ 16%­ hispanic/Latino­ (members­ of­ whom­can­be­of­any­race)­(U.S.­Census­Bureau,­2008).­yet,­individual­ states­ within­ the­ United­ States­ vary­ widely­ in­ their­ racial­ composition.­ for­example,­according­to­the­U.S.­Census­Bureau­(2008),­Californians­ identify­as­61%­White,­6%­African­American,­12%­Asian­American,­1%­ Native­American,­less­than­1%­Native­hawaiian­or­Pacific­Islander,­3%­ two­ or­ more­ races,­ and­ 36%­ hispanic/Latino;­ in­ contrast,­ residents­ of­ vermont­identify­as­96%­White.­These­national­data­underscore­the­am- biguity­of­race­as­it­is­understood­in­the­United­States.­While­these­cat- egorizations­ are­ meaningful­ in­ some­ ways,­ it­ is­ important­ to­ recognize­ that­ within­ each­ of­ those­ socially­ constructed­ racial­ categories­ are­ vast­ differences­in­terms­of­experience,­nationality,­and­myriad­other­socio- cultural­ indicators.­ Our­ use­ of­ these­ categories,­ then,­ both­ creates­ and­ obscures­meaning.­
The­obfuscation­of­meaning­is­particularly­strong­around­the­topics­of­ White­privilege­and­White­supremacy.­White­privilege­is­hard­for­White­ people­to­see,­a­factor­that­makes­it­difficult­to­form­interracial­alliances­ toward­ dismantling­ racial­ privilege.­ Indeed,­ as­ Mckinney­ (2005)­ pos- ited­in­her­study­on­White­college­students,­“A­primary­characteristic­of­ modern­racism­is­the­denial­that­it­still­exists.­.­.­.­This­line­of­reasoning­ assumes­that­because­whiteness­is­not­important­to­whites,­blackness­is­ not, or should not­be­important­to­blacks,­Latino-ness­to­Latinos,­and­ so­on”­(pp.­13–14).­Grillo­and­Wildman­(1997)­further­showed­that­this­ systematic­ignoring­of­the­effects­of­whiteness­by­White­people­impedes­ their­abilities­to­have­meaningful­relationships­with­people­of­color:­
Many­ whites­ think­ that­ people­ of­ color­ are­ obsessed­ with­ race­ and­ find­ it­ hard­to­understand­the­emotional­and­intellectual­energy­that­people­of­color­ devote­ to­ the­ subject.­ But­ whites­ are­ privileged­ in­ that­ they­ do­ not­ have­ to­ think­ about­ race,­ even­ though­ they­ have­ one.­ White­ supremacy­ privileges­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discourses of Whiteness 31
whiteness­ as­ the­ normative­ model.­ Being­ the­ norm­ allows­ whites­ to­ ignore­ race,­ except­ when­ they­ perceive­ race­ (usually­ someone­ else’s)­ as­ intruding­ on­their­lives.­(pp.­48–49)
Many­scholars­have­engaged­with­the­concept­of­whiteness,­although­its­ implications­ for­ higher­ education­ have­ yet­ to­ be­ fully­ explored.­ While­ Mckinney’s­ work­ is­ a­ step­ toward­ understanding­ how­ White­ students­ rely­ on­ discourses­ of­ whiteness­ to­ frame­ their­ identities,­ it­ is­ not­ clear­ how­higher­education­institutions­can­promote­students’­understandings­ of­how­whiteness­influences­their­choices,­experiences,­and­futures.­Our­ article­contributes­to­knowledge­in­this­area.
Developing Whiteness
If­ one­ agrees­ with­ the­ premise­ that­ race­ is­ constructed,­ it­ is­ impor- tant­to­examine­how­White­people­develop­understandings­of­their­own­ White­ identities.­ In­ other­ words,­ if­ people­ develop­ into­ White­ people,­ how­ does­ that­ process­ happen?­ And,­ perhaps­ more­ importantly,­ since­ whiteness­ is­ not­ experienced­ in­ only­ one­ way,­ how­ do­ people­ choose­ from­ among­ the­ discourses­ available­ to­ them­ how­ they­ will­ engage­ with—or­ignore—their­own­whiteness?
Many­ scholars­ with­ different­ racial­ identities­ and­ experiences­ have­ examined­how­White­privilege­is­learned­through­interactions­with­fam- ily­members,­colleagues,­friends,­and­media­sources­(e.g.,­Bonilla-Silva,­ 2006;­ fine,­ 1996;­ kendall,­ 2007;­ McIntosh,­ 1988;­ Roediger,­ 1998;­ Ropers-huilman,­2008;­Thandeka,­1999;­Trepagnier,­2006).­In­this­sec- tion,­we­focus­on­the­work­of­three­scholars­whose­inquiries­have­been­ instrumental­ in­ understanding­ how­ White­ people­ develop­ their­ under- standings­ of­ whiteness.­ We­ first­ consider­ helms’­ (1990)­ White­ racial­ identity­ development­ model,­ as­ it­ was­ one­ of­ the­ first­ to­ de-normalize­ whiteness­ by­ proposing­ that­ whiteness­ (like­ blackness)­ is­ an­ iden- tity­ shaped­ by­ external­ and­ internal­ situations­ that­ prompt­ movement­ through­stages.­Then,­we­discuss­frankenberg’s­(1993)­study­on­White­ women­ because­ of­ its­ explicit­ attention­ to­ the­ ways­ in­ which­ White­ women­construct­their­own­whiteness­and,­in­many­cases,­their­commit- ments­to­social­justice­through­their­racialized­lenses.­finally,­we­turn­to­ Leonardo’s­ (2009)­ scholarship­ that­ posits­ how­ constructions­ of­ white- ness­ are­ multifarious­ and­ that­ there­ is­ an­ urgent­ need­ to­ address­ such­ constructions­in­educational­settings.
The­groundbreaking­work­of­helms­(1990)­posits­that­racism­is­dam- aging­ to­ the­ identities­ of­ White­ people­ as­ well­ as­ to­ people­ of­ color,­ albeit­in­different­ways.­helms­asserted­that,­similar­to­other­racial­iden-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼32 The Journal of Higher Education
tity­models,­White­people­move­through­various­stages­on­their­way­to­a­ positive­White­identity.­These­stages,­which­include­contact,­disintegra- tion,­ reintegration,­ pseudo-independence,­ immersion/emersion,­ and­ au- tonomy,­represent­development­from­a­lack­of­racial­awareness­to­anti- racist­action­and­understanding­of­intersectional­identities.­
helms’­ important­ contributions­ relate­ to­ her­ underlying­ assumptions­ that­White­people­engage­with­their­whiteness­in­different­ways­and­that­ external­ and­ internal­ events­ and­ reflections­ shape­ their­ conceptions­ of­ their­own­whiteness­and,­subsequently,­their­abilities­to­interact­with­ra- cially­similar­and­racially­different­others.­Taken­a­step­further,­we­sug- gest­ that­ rather­ than­ relying­ on­ a­ stage­ model­ of­ development,­ we­ can­ consider­the­ways­in­which­people­rely­on­various­racialized­discourses­ that­are­chosen­for­multiple­purposes­in­various­contexts.
frankenberg’s­(1993)­scholarly­attention­to­whiteness­also­furthered­ understandings­of­discourses­associated­with­whiteness,­specifically­as­ they­ shape­ women’s­ experiences.­ In­ her­ work,­ which­ focused­ on­ how­ race­matters­in­the­lives­of­White­women,­she­articulated­that­“white- ness­ refers­ to­ a­ set­ of­ locations­ that­ are­ historically,­ socially,­ politi- cally,­ and­ culturally­ produced­ and,­ moreover,­ are­ intrinsically­ linked­ to­ unfolding­ relations­ of­ domination”­ (p.­ 6).­ She­ explained­ further,­ “To­speak­of­whiteness­is,­I­think,­to­assign­everyone a­place­in­the­ relations­ of­ racism.­ It­ is­ to­ emphasize­ that­ dealing­ with­ racism­ is­ not­ merely­ an­ option­ for­ white­ people—that,­ rather,­ racism­ shapes­ white­ people’s­ lives­ and­ identities­ in­ a­ way­ that­ is­ inseparable­ from­ other­ facets­of­daily­life”­(p.­6).­Arguing­that­whiteness­represents­structural­ advantage­ through­ race­ privilege,­ cultural­ practices,­ and­ a­ standpoint­ that­ shapes­ how­ White­ people­ look­ at­ the­ world,­ frankenberg­ (2000)­ then­focused­her­attention­on­the­multiple­ways­in­which­White­women­ make­sense­of­their­whiteness­given­their­diverse­experiences­and­sug- gested­that­both­analyzing­women’s­sense-making­processes­and­facili- tating­ introspection­ are­ essential­ for­ dismantling­ racism­ in­ our­ society­ today.
At­the­end­of­her­research­with­thirty­White­women­who­had­a­broad­ range­of­experiences­and­intersecting­identities,­frankenberg­(1993)­re- flected­ that­ “analysis­ of­ the­ place­ of­ whiteness­ in­ the­ racial­ order­ can­ and­ should­ be­ .­ .­ .­ only­ one­ part­ of­ a­ much­ broader­ process­ of­ social­ change­ leveled­ both­ at­ the­ material­ relations­ of­ race­ and­ at­ discursive­ repertoires”­ (p.­ 243).­ frankenberg­ insisted­ that­ whiteness­ is­ shaped­ in­ relation­to­people­of­other­races­and­to­racism­and­that­the­examination­ of­ whiteness­ is­ a­ necessary­ but­ not­ sufficient­ part­ of­ challenging­ rac- ism.­These­two­tenets­ground­and­inform­our­study­of­the­lives­of­White­ women­in­college.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discourses of Whiteness 33
Leonardo’s­ (2009)­ scholarship­ is­ also­ instrumental­ to­ our­ under- standing­ of­ whiteness,­ as­ it­ takes­ shape­ in­ higher­ education­ discourse.­ he­ wrote­ that­ “‘whiteness’­ is­ a­ racial­ discourse,­ whereas­ the­ category­ ‘white­ people’­ represents­ a­ socially­ constructed­ identity,­ usually­ based­ on­ skin­ color”­ (p.­ 169).­ This­ articulation­ of­ the­ differences­ between­ White­people­and­whiteness­is­useful­for­us­as­we­consider­how­White­ students­ (who­ identify,­ and­ are­ identified­ by­ others,­ as­ White)­ partici- pate­in­taking­up­whiteness­in­different­ways.­
Leonardo’s­ work­ is­ also­ useful­ in­ helping­ us­ to­ remember­ how,­ in­ contemporary­ times,­ globalization­ has­ intersected­ with­ whiteness­ in­ such­a­way­as­to­create­a­“global­color­line”­that­is­fueled­by­capitalism,­ postcolonialism,­and­geopolitical­systems­that­have­enforced­the­bound- aries­ between­ “haves­ and­ have-nots.”­As­ higher­ education­ institutions­ emphasize­ the­ need­ to­ educate­ citizens­ of­ a­ global­ society,­ it­ is­ impor- tant­to­consider­how­whiteness­is­brought­to­bear­in­the­experiences­of­ students.
Discourses of Whiteness in Higher Education
Whiteness­ has­ sociopolitical­ and­ material­ effects­ on­ people’s­ lives,­ and­higher­education­institutions,­programs,­and­systems­are­implicated­ by­ discourses­ of­ whiteness.­ Whiteness­ is­ embedded­ within­ higher­ ed- ucation,­ yet­ its­ ubiquity­ is­ engaged­ differently­ by­ different­ people.­ In­ higher­ education,­ many­ efforts­ have­ been­ developed­ to­ promote­ racial­ and­ cultural­ understandings—in­ essence­ to­ shape,­ define,­ and­ change­ the­discourses­that­are­recognizable­for­students,­faculty,­administrators,­ and­ community­ members.­ These­ discourses,­ which­ can­ be­ defined­ as­ “a­ coordinated­ pattern­ of­ words,­ deeds,­ values,­ beliefs,­ symbols,­ tools,­ objects,­ times,­ and­ places­ and­ in­ the­ here-and-now­ as­ a­ performance”­ (Gee,­ 2005,­ p.­ 28),­ represent­ ways­ of­ thinking­ about­ and­ organizing­ human history and values.
higher­ education­ is­ a­ social­ institution­ and,­ as­ such,­ has­ been­ part­ of­ both­ maintaining­ and­ challenging­ various­ discourses­ of­ whiteness.­ yet,­while­efforts­to­enhance­students’­awareness­of­their­identities­have­ the­ potential­ to­ facilitate­ powerful­ experiences­ for­ students,­ what­ dis- courses­ of­ whiteness­ do­ they­ foster?­And­ if­ students­ of­ different­ racial­ backgrounds­experience­“disequilibrium”­associated­with­diverse­expe- riences­differently,­as­Barajas­(2009)­found­in­her­recent­study,­how­can­ educators­be­aware­of­those­differences­and­ensure­that­White­students’­ reflections­on­whiteness­are­facilitated­in­meaningful­ways?­
Diversity­ course­ requirements,­ interracial­ dialogues,­ and­ efforts­ to­ promote­ socially­ responsible­ leadership­ all­ promote­ particular­ ways­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼34 The Journal of Higher Education
of­ engaging­ concepts­ of­ race­ and,­ sometimes,­ whiteness.­Additionally,­ efforts­ to­ recruit­ more­ students­ and­ faculty­ of­ color­ as­ well­ as­ create­ culturally­ responsive­ classrooms­ also­ hold­ potential­ to­ promote­ trans- formative­ thinking.­ yet,­ it­ is­ important­ to­ ask:­ In­ what­ ways­ do­ these­ structures­ enhance­ students’­ (and­ faculty­ and­ staff­ members’)­ abilities­ to­take­action­toward­dismantling­the­racist­structures­that­have­yielded­ unequal­opportunities­and­outcomes­in­our­society?­
how­are­different­discourses­associated­with­whiteness­prompted­by­ what­ is­ currently­ offered­ in­ higher­ education?­ In­ what­ ways­ are­ mul- tiple­ discourses­ associated­ with­ whiteness­ made­ accessible­ to­ students­ as­they­are­being­prepared­for­“global­leadership”?­As­Leonardo­(2009)­ posited,­understanding­and­deconstructing­whiteness­is­a­necessary­pre- cursor­ to­ moving­ toward­ equity­ in­ educational­ settings.­ It­ is­ with­ this­ belief­that­we­pursued­our­inquiry.
Methods
The­data­informing­this­research­were­gathered­from­interviews­con- ducted­with­26­seniors­at­two­Catholic­women’s­colleges.­Additionally,­ two­focus­groups­of­these­participants­convened­to­engage­in­a­process­ of­member-checking.­All­interactions­occurred­during­the­spring­semes- ter­of­2008.­While­students­were­engaged­in­multiple­majors,­had­many­ different­ career­ and­ life­ plans,­ and­ identified­ with­ many­ religious­ or­ spiritual­ orientations,­ 25­ of­ the­ 26­ shared­ a­ self-described­ White­ iden- tity.­The­analysis­for­this­article­focuses­on­those­25­students.
Participants­were­selected­in­collaboration­with­institutional­research­ representatives.­Institutional­research­staff­at­each­institution­distributed­ an­initial­e-mail­request­for­participation­to­a­random­sample­of­students­ who­ had­ indicated­ in­ a­ first-year­ survey­ that­ they­ were­ planning­ to­ at- tend­ graduate­ school.­ Because­ we­ were­ initially­ interested­ in­ work-life­ choices­of­educated­women,­we­used­this­as­a­selection­criterion­to­find­ those­ students­ who­ had,­ at­ least­ upon­ college­ entry,­ decided­ to­ pursue­ advanced­ professional­ training.­ Those­ students­ interested­ in­ participat- ing­ were­ asked­ to­ contact­ one­ of­ the­ researchers­ to­ arrange­ a­ time­ to­ meet.­ Interviews­ were­ conducted­ using­ a­ protocol­ that­ focused­ on­ the­ overarching­ research­ question:­ how­ do­ students­ at­ Catholic­ women’s­ colleges­construct­their­identities?­
As­ noted­ above,­ the­ entire­ protocol­ did­ not­ focus­ explicitly­ on­ race.­ yet,­certain­questions­prompted­students­to­reflect­with­us­on­their­racial­ identities.­These­included:­1)­Tell­me­about­who­you­are.­Can­you­com- ment­ on­ how­ your­ gender,­ race,­ economic­ class,­ and/or­ religion­ play­ a­ part­ in­ your­ identity?­ 2)­ how­ have­ your­ in-class­ experiences­ shaped­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discourses of Whiteness 35
your­ aspirations­ and­ intentions­ around­ work­ and­ family?­ how­ have­ your­ out-of-class­ experiences­ shaped­ your­ aspirations­ and­ intentions­ around­work­and­family?­If­you­studied­abroad,­in­what­ways­was­that­a­ significant­experience­for­you?­3)­Project­50­years­into­the­future.­What­ do­ you­ want­ people­ to­ say­ about­ the­ life­ you­ lived?­ how­ do­ you­ want­ to­ make­ a­ difference­ in­ the­ world?­ Given­ the­ semi-structured­ nature­ of­ our­ interviews,­ race­ was­ interwoven­ throughout­ the­ conversations­ with­ those­ participants­ who­ thought­ it­ salient­ in­ the­ various­ spheres­ of­ their­ lives.
Analytic Approaches
This­ research­ project­ was­ primarily­ about­ how­ women­ college­ stu- dents­ envision­ their­ futures­ and­ how­ their­ college­ experiences­ affect­ those­ intentions.­ Guided­ by­ an­ intersectional­ framework,­ however,­ we­ became­curious­about­the­ways­in­which­race­was­a­significant­charac- teristic­ in­ our­ participants’­ understandings­ of­ their­ experiences,­ oppor- tunities,­and­intentions.­An­intersectional­approach­suggests­that­peo- ple­ can­ never­ be­ understood­ as­ unidimensional­ beings­ whose­ essence­ is­ fixed­ by­ any­ given­ identity.­ Instead,­ people­ are­ complex,­ with­ fluid­ identities,­ and­ their­ multiple­ identities­ shape­ each­ other­ differently­ in­ different­contexts­(Cole,­2009;­Crenshaw,­1993;­McCall,­2005;­Ropers- huilman­&­Winters,­2010).­As­such,­people­can­live­lives­in­which­they­ simultaneously­ experience­ privilege­ and­ oppression­ (Dill,­ McLaugh- lin,­ &­ Nieves,­ 2007).­ In­ this­ study,­ intersectional­ thinking­ prompted­ us­ to­ look­ beyond­ seeing­ these­ White­ college­ women­ as­ defined­ by­ their­ womanhood.­ Instead,­ given­ the­ salience­ of­ race­ in­ our­ nation,­ we­ wanted­ to­ understand­ how­ these­ women­ who­ chose­ to­ attend­ a­ higher­ education­ institution­ presumably­ based­ on­ gender­ were­ informed­ both­ by­gender­and­race­in­mutually­constitutive­ways.
In­ order­ to­ best­ address­ our­ research­ questions­ and­ understand­ the­ contexts­of­interest,­we­used­critical­discourse­analysis­as­a­framework­ for­ understanding­ the­ relationships­ among­ social­ structures,­ identity­ construction,­ power,­ and­ language­ in­ use.­ The­ view­ of­ discourse­ that­ we­ take­ in­ this­ article­ is­ rooted­ in­ a­ foucauldian­ perspective­ that­ fo- cuses­ not­ on­ the­ linguistic­ features­ of­ language­ but­ rather­ on­ discourse­ as­ a­ system­ of­ representation­ that­ is­ organized­ through­ rules­ and­ prac- tices­ that­ create­ and­ regulate­ meaning­ (hall,­ 2001).­ This­ view­ of­ dis- course­ as­ a­ system­ of­ representation­ is­ particularly­ well­ suited­ to­ our­ interest­ in­ understanding­ how­ whiteness­ operates­ as­ a­ feature­ of­ both­ personal­identity­and­as­a­part­of­a­specific­meaning-making­system.­A­ foucauldian­ perspective­ on­ discourse­ also­ requires­ a­ close­ understand- ing­of­context.­The­concept­of­“communities­of­practice,”­as­posited­by­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼36 The Journal of Higher Education
Lave­ and­ Wenger­ (1991),­ is­ useful­ in­ our­ understanding­ of­ the­ way­ in­ which­ meanings­ are­ situated,­ learned,­ and­ indeed­ appropriated­ within­ a­ specific­ educational­ context.­ Our­ contexts­ of­ interest,­ two­ Catholic­ women’s­colleges,­have­attempted­to­mitigate,­through­particular­course­ offerings­and­ethical­commitments,­how­students­learn­about­the­social­ construct­ of­ race­ and,­ in­ turn,­ negotiate­ their­ own­ racialized­ identities.­ In­ sum,­ they­ have­ established­ the­ contexts­ for­ communities­ of­ practice­ within­ which­ students­ come­ to­ understand­ who­ they­ are­ and­ what­ is­ possible in their lives.
fairclough­ (2003/2009,­ 1992/2000)­ observed­ that­ while­ discourse­ analysis­is­often­informed­by­foucault’s­theories,­as­a­specific­method,­ discourse­ analysis­ tends­ to­ be­ more­ interested­ in­ using­ foucault’s­ per- spective­ to­ inform­ operationalized,­ systematic­ methods­ than­ in­ enter- taining­ the­ kind­ of­ abstractions­ embraced­ in­ social­ theory.­ We­ have­ “put­ foucault­ to­ work”­ by­ connecting­ our­ research­ questions­ to­ some­ of­the­analytical­“thinking­tools”­proposed­by­Gee­(2005).­One­of­Gee’s­ central­ premises­ is­ that­ language­ is­ used­ as­ a­ tool­ for­ building­ a­ social­ world;­therefore,­individuals­use­language­to­enact­specific­social­iden- tities­ through­ discourse.­ focusing­ on­ whiteness,­ we­ ask:­ “how­ is­ this­ piece­ of­ language­ being­ used­ to­ make­ certain­ things­ significant­ or­ not­ and­in­what­ways?”­(Gee,­2005,­p.­11).
The­tools­of­discourse­analysis­have­challenged­us,­as­researchers,­to­ consider­how­the­complexities­of­power­and­language­have­operated­in­ our­own­lives.­In­particular,­we­wanted­to­understand­what­language­we­ would­ use­ and­ discourses­ we­ would­ draw­ on­ to­ describe­ our­ memories­ of­ ourselves­ as­ undergraduates.­ We­ each­ created­ a­ short­ narrative­ de- tailing­ how­ and­ in­ what­ ways­ we­ recalled­ discourses­ of­ success­ being­ present­in­our­previous­educational­experiences.­This­method,­autoeth- nography,­ was­ a­ way­ for­ us­ to­ situate­ ourselves­ and­ our­ memories­ into­ the­ research­ endeavor­ (cf.­ Ellis,­ 2004).­ Our­ autoethnographic­ texts­ re- vealed­ways­in­which­we­believed­that­our­visions­of­success­were­con- nected­to­our­social­identities­as­middle-class­women­who­had­grown­up­ in­ rural­ areas­ of­ the­ upper­ Midwest.­ Gender,­ class,­ and­ rurality­ figured­ prominently­in­how­we­chose­to­tell­stories­of­our­undergraduate­selves.­ Whiteness,­ as­ a­ term­ specific­ to­ a­ particular­ social­ identity,­ was­ not­ an­ explicit­ part­ of­ our­ autoethnographic­ texts,­ even­ though­ we­ also­ each­ claim­it­as­a­part­of­our­identity.­
In­ order­ to­ consider­ how­ discourses­ of­ whiteness­ have­ been­ signifi- cant­ in­ our­ lives­ as­ research­ collaborators,­ we­ engaged­ in­ some­ of­ the­ thinking­ tools­ offered­ through­ the­ reflexive­ practice­ of­ collective­ biog- raphy­(Davies­&­Gannon,­2006).­In­this­method,­a­group­of­researchers­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discourses of Whiteness 37
works­ to­ move­ beyond­ “the­ clichés­ and­ usual­ explanations­ to­ a­ point­ where­the­written­memories­come­as­close­as­they­can­make­them­to­an­ embodied­sense­of­what­happened”­(p.­3).­In­working­through­our­texts,­ we­ were­ not­ seeking­ a­ definitive­ truth­ but­ rather­ a­ way­ to­ think­ about­ the­kinds­of­subjectivities,­truths,­thoughts,­and­practices­that­were­pro- duced­through­the­process­of­(re)membering­a­particular­time­and­place.­ These­ memories­ highlighted­ attachments­ to­ particular­ discourses­ of­ whiteness­ that­ were­ interwoven­ and­ deeply­ embedded­ in­ our­ sense­ of­ ourselves­as­rural,­middle-class­women.­While­we­may­not­have­explic- itly­written­on­whiteness,­it­was­clear,­upon­analysis,­that­whiteness­was­ implicated­along­with­other­aspects­of­ourselves.­In­other­words,­white- ness­mattered­a­great­deal­even­if­it­was­not­explicitly­acknowledged.­
With­ the­ focus­ on­ college­ students’­ constructions­ of­ whiteness­ in­ mind,­ and­ cognizant­ of­ how­ whiteness­ was­ present­ and­ absent­ in­ our­ own­ histories,­ we­ developed­ a­ two-pronged­ approach­ to­ coding.­ As­ stated­ earlier,­ the­ explicit­ focus­ of­ our­ interviews­ was­ on­ how­ students­ constructed­ their­ futures,­ especially­ in­ terms­ of­ complexities­ associ- ated­ with­ personal­ and­ professional­ intentions.­ While­ race­ was­ not­ the­ primary­ focus,­ we­ wanted­ to­ know­ how­ various­ identities­ affected­ stu- dents’­ development­ of­ their­ life­ plans­ as­ well­ as­ their­ experiences­ in­ college;­therefore,­we­asked­at­least­one­specific­question­about­race­in­ each­interview.­Since­only­one­of­our­standard­protocol­questions­asked­ explicitly­about­the­meanings­of­race­or­ethnicity­in­participants’­lives,­ we­ considered­ all­ responses­ to­ that­ question­ in­ our­ analysis.­ We­ also­ included­ all­ data­ throughout­ the­ transcript­ that­ focused­ on­ race­ in­ re- sponse­to­other­questions,­most­often­related­to­classes­or­study­abroad.­ These­data­were­then­analyzed­with­attention­to­the­ways­in­which­stu- dents­ made­ sense­ of­ how­ whiteness­ was­ meaningful­ in­ the­ life­ stories­ they­ chose­ to­ share­ with­ us.­ Our­ iterative­ analysis­ led­ us­ to­ group­ data­ into­ four­ categories­ that­ encompassed­ the­ multiple­ meanings­ partici- pants­ offered­ in­ our­ conversations.­ Since­ discourse­ analysis­ requires­ a­ fine-tuned­ attention­ to­ detail,­ our­ close­ reading­ of­ a­ small­ number­ of­ interview­transcripts­provided­insights­that­might­have­been­impossible­ to­achieve­in­a­larger­sample.­
Institutional Contexts
Two­ Catholic­ women’s­ colleges­ in­ the­ Midwestern­ United­ States­ served­as­the­contexts­for­our­interviews.­Each­of­these­institutions­was­ founded­by­a­women’s­religious­order­in­the­early­twentieth­century­and­ retains­ ties­ with­ their­ monastic­ community.­ The­ mission­ statements­ of­ the­two­institutions­reflect­their­continued­commitment­to­women’s­lib-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼38 The Journal of Higher Education
eral­ arts­ education­ in­ the­ Catholic­ tradition­ while­ emphasizing­ the­ im- portance­of­leadership­and­service.­
While­the­missions­of­these­two­Catholic­women’s­colleges­are­simi- lar­ in­ many­ ways,­ the­ institutions­ differ­ in­ important­ respects.­Aurora­ College1­ is­ located­ in­ a­ rural­ community­ a­ few­ miles­ from­ a­ mid-sized­ city.­It­enrolls­more­than­2,000­women­in­traditional­full-time­day­pro- grams.­Aurora­does­not­offer­associate­or­graduate­degrees.­Regina­Col- lege­ is­ a­ comprehensive­ master’s­ degree­ institution,­ serving­ more­ than­ 5,200­ students­ on­ two­ campuses­ in­ a­ large­ metropolitan­ area.­ About­ 2,000­of­those­students­are­enrolled­in­a­women-only­bachelor’s­degree­ program­ with­ classes­ offered­ through­ a­ traditional­ weekday­ format.­ In­ addition,­ Regina­ also­ offers­ many­ of­ its­ undergraduate­ majors­ through­ a­ weekend­ college­ that­ is­ for­ non-traditional­ aged­ women.­ finally,­ Re- gina­ has­ various­ professional­ degrees­ and­ certificates­ available­ to­ men­ and­women­at­the­associate’s,­bachelor’s,­master’s,­and­doctorate­degree­ levels.
Neither­ college­ mentions­ racial­ and­ ethnic­ diversity­ in­ their­ mission­ statement.­Aurora­College’s­website,­however,­has­an­institutional­com- mitment­to­diversity­and­a­presidential­statement­of­commitment­to­di- versity.­ These­ statements­ are­ grounded­ in­ Catholic­ Catechism­ related­ to­the­dignity­of­each­person.­One­of­Aurora’s­academic­learning­goals­ is­ that,­ in­ order­ to­ improve­ the­ human­ condition,­ graduates­ will­ grow­ in­their­understandings­of­gender­and­cultural­differences.­To­that­end,­ Aurora­ requires­ that­ students­ select­ and­ complete­ at­ least­ one­ course­ that­explicitly­considers­gender­perspectives­and­one­course­that­explic- itly­considers­intercultural­perspectives.­Students­must­also­demonstrate­ proficiency­ in­ speaking­ or­ reading­ another­ language.­ Regina­ College,­ too,­ has­ an­ active­ commitment­ to­ social­ justice,­ articulated­ in­ its­ mis- sion­and­in­the­comments­of­many­of­its­students­during­interviews­and­ focus­ groups.­ Regina­ College­ requires­ that­ all­ undergraduate­ students­ take­ two­ interdisciplinary,­ writing-intensive­ core­ courses.­ The­ first­ course,­ which­ has­ thematic­ emphases­ on­ identity­ development,­ social­ justice,­ Catholic­ Social­ Teaching,­ and­ understanding­ issues­ of­ oppres- sion­and­privilege,­is­taken­during­a­student’s­first­semester.­The­second­ course,­usually­taken­during­a­student’s­junior­or­senior­year,­focuses­on­ topical­issues­related­to­social­justice­and­social­change.
Most­ women­ attending­ these­ two­ Catholic­ women’s­ colleges­ are­ white,­traditional-aged­students­from­the­Midwest­(NCES,­2009).­In­fall­ 2006,­Regina­College’s­undergraduate­student­body­(including­day­stu- dents,­weekend­students,­and­associate-level­students)­with­known­race/ ethnicity­was­77%­white,­21%­American­students­of­color,­and­2%­non- resident­ alien­ (NCES,­ 2009).­Aurora­ College’s­ student­ body­ was­ even­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discourses of Whiteness 39
less­ racially­ and­ ethnically­ diverse­ than­ Regina’s.­ In­ fall­ 2006,­Aurora­ College’s­ undergraduate­ student­ body­ with­ known­ race/ethnicity­ was­ 90%­ white,­ 5%­American­ students­ of­ color,­ and­ 5%­ non-resident­ alien­ (NCES,­2009).­
Given­ the­ institutions’­ missions­ and­ student­ demographics,­ we­ wanted­ to­ explore­ how­ whiteness­ was­ understood­ on­ these­ campuses.­ how­do­White­women­college­students­who­were­at­the­end­of­their­col- lege­ careers­ at­ Regina­ and­Aurora­ colleges­ understand­ their­ own­ racial­ identities?­In­what­ways­have­their­experiences­at­these­Catholic­wom- en’s­ colleges­ fostered­ their­ racial­ understandings?­ It­ was­ clear­ in­ our­ interviews­ that­ while­ students­ defined­ the­ identity­ of­ “woman”­ differ- ently, their gender identity nevertheless informed their visions for them- selves.­yet,­participants­were­less­explicit­about­how­their­racial­identi- ties­shaped­their­understandings­of­their­current­experiences­and­future­ aspirations.­While­both­gendered­and­racialized­discourses­affected­par- ticipants’­visions­of­themselves­and­their­institutions,­we­focus­here­on­ the­racialized­discourses­White­women­students­use­to­explain­their­ex- periences­and­envision­their­futures.
Discourses of Whiteness at Aurora and Regina
At­both­Aurora­and­Regina,­faculty­and­staff­had­been­explicit­about­ their­ emphasis­ on­ diversity­ in­ their­ curricular­ offerings,­ offices,­ and­ campus­programs.­Through­coursework­and­events,­students­had­multi- ple­opportunities­to­engage­in­discussions­related­to­broadly­understood­ conceptions­of­diversity.­yet,­most­students­observed­that­their­college­ and­home­environments­were­predominantly­White.­With­a­few­excep- tions,­they­articulated­that­they­had­not­thought­much­about­their­white- ness­ prior­ to­ coming­ to­ college.­ All­ students­ had­ been­ introduced­ to­ concepts­related­to­race­in­their­coursework­at­Regina­and­Aurora,­even­ if­ nowhere­ else.­ Given­ the­ sum­ of­ their­ experiences­ and­ the­ variations­ in­ prioritization­ of­ race­ as­ an­ interrogated­ social­ category,­ the­ students­ drew­ on­ quite­ different­ discourses­ of­ whiteness­ as­ they­ approached­ graduation.
In­ this­ section,­ we­ offer­ an­ analysis­ of­ how­ White­ students­ made­ sense­ of­ their­ whiteness­ in­ terms­ of­ how­ it­ affected­ their­ lives,­ college­ experiences,­ and­ future­ intentions.­ We­ considered­ how­ White­ women­ college­students­develop­their­White­identities­through­institutional­ex- periences­ meant­ to­ teach­ women­ how­ to­ become­ leaders­ in­ their­ com- munities­and­consciously­integrate­intercultural­understandings.
The­ characterizations­ below­ represent­ discourses­ associated­ with­ various­ways­of­understanding­and­identifying­with­whiteness.­The­cat-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼40 The Journal of Higher Education
egories­ that­ we­ propose­ are­ not­ meant­ to­ imply­ stages­ of­ development.­ Instead,­they­are­examples­of­how­students­rely­on­certain­discourses­of­ whiteness­to­explain­their­racialized­selves.­Some­students­drew­on­mul- tiple­discourses­to­explain­their­understandings­and­experiences­in­vari- ous­contexts,­while­other­students’­understandings­seemed­rooted­in­one­ discourse.­ We­ organize­ our­ data­ here­ to­ focus­ on­ the­ predominant­ dis- courses­that­students­relied­upon­to­frame­their­experiences.­These­dis- courses­include:­discourses­of­insignificance,­discourses­of­nominal­dif- ference,­discourses­of­responsibility,­and­discourses­of­transformation.
Discourses of Insignificance
Many­ participants­ seemed­ to­ express­ a­ lack­ of­ awareness­ of­ how­ their­ race­ may­ have­ affected­ their­ identities­ or­ lives­ prior­ to­ college­ or,­ for­ some,­ throughout­ their­ college­ experiences.­ There­ were­ at­ least­ two­ ways­ that­ students­ engaged­ discourses­ of­ insignificance.­ The­ first­ includes­ those­ who­ claimed­ an­ ignorance­ of­ the­ ways­ that­ whiteness­ might­ have­ affected­ their­ lives.­ The­ second­ includes­ those­ who­ knew­ that­their­whiteness­must­have­affected­them­in­some­way­but­were­un- able­to­articulate­how­that­is­the­case.
Some­ students­ drew­ on­ discourses­ of­ insignificance­ in­ the­ first­ way.­ In­reflecting­on­her­life­prior­to­college,­Riya­indicated­that­her­race­did­ not­affect­her­at­all.­Rachel­noted­that­she­“can’t­think­if­it­played­a­role­ or­ not”­ in­ her­ identity,­ and­ kristine­ explained­ that­ “because­ I’ve­ gone­ to­ private­ school­ my­ whole­ life,­ I­ haven’t­ had­ that­ much­ diversity­ in­ my­life.­.­.­.­I­guess­I­just­haven’t­felt­like­it’s­played­that­big­of­a­role.”­ Christina­noted­that­race­is­the­part­of­her­identity­that­she­thinks­about­ the­least.­As­she­described:­
Every­day,­I­don’t­think,­“Oh,­I’m­Caucasian.”­Every­day­I­know­I’m­a­girl,­ and­I­know­I’m­Catholic,­if­you­pray­every­day­and­that­sort­of­thing,­but­I­ don’t­ really­ think­ about­ [race]­ at­ all.­ .­ .­ .­ I’m­ not­ forced­ to­ notice­ because­ I­ am­in­the­majority.­If­I­was­in­a­place­where­I­was­a­minority,­I­think­I­would­ notice­it­a­lot­more;­it­would­be­a­bigger­issue.
In­ our­ conversation,­ Stephanie­ chose­ to­ focus­ on­ the­ ways­ in­ which­ people­ of­ every­ racial­ and­ gender­ identification­ have­ many­ opportuni- ties­presented­to­them­and­that­they­should­take­advantage­of­those­op- portunities­rather­than­focusing­on­how­discrimination­causes­a­lack­of­ opportunities.
In­ response­ to­ the­ question­ of­ how­ these­ students­ viewed­ whiteness­ as­ significant­ in­ their­ lives,­ those­ who­ drew­ on­ discourses­ of­ insignifi- cance­asserted­that­whiteness­simply­was­not­meaningful­to­them.­They­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discourses of Whiteness 41
were­ not­ cognizant­ of­ the­ ways­ in­ which­ their­ whiteness­ affected­ their­ lives­ and­ did­ not­ express­ a­ sense­ that­ they­ were­ missing­ something­ or­ that­ their ­whiteness ­was ­a ­key­part ­of ­their ­identity. ­Their ­whiteness ­was­ insignificant­ to ­them.
We­ also­ saw­ a­ second­ way­ of­ engaging­ discourses­ of­ insignificance.­ Many­students­who­did­not­articulate­how­their­whiteness­affected­them­ expressed­ a­ sense­ that­ they­ were­ aware­ that­ there­ was­ a­ set­ of­ experi- ences­ that­ they­ could­ not­ see­ or­ understand.­ Several­ participants­ noted­ that­ their­ knowledge­ and­ awareness­ related­ to­ gender­ was­ much­ more­ developed­than­their­knowledge­about­race.­for­example,­Jealousy­told­ us­that­although­gender­“definitely”­influenced­her­identity,­
growing­ up,­ I­ never­ really­ even­ considered­ the­ fact­ that­ I­ am­ white.­ Then­ when­ I­ came­ here­ [to­ Regina]­ .­ .­ .­ there’s­ not­ very­ much­ diversity­ here­ ei- ther.­.­.­.­So­I­feel­a­little­naive­once­in­a­while­like­there­is­something­that­I’m­ missing­because­my­life­has­been­very,­very­white.
Jealousy,­ Sophia,­ and­ others­ noted­ that­ in­ their­ communities,­ which­ were­ predominantly­ white,­ it­ was­ easy­ not­ to­ notice­ that­ they­ were­ White­because­that­was­the­norm.
Other­ students­ seemed­ to­ believe­ that­ they­ should­ indicate­ that­ race­ has­ affected­ their­ experiences,­ but­ they­ were­ not­ sure­ how­ to­ do­ so.­ They­focused­on­the­lack­of­diversity­on­the­campus­and­their­presumed­ privilege­in­larger­communities.­for­example,­Deb­responded:­
Being­White­definitely­[has­affected­me],­and­I’ve­learned­this­through­my­ studies­here,­too.­There’s­lots­of­privileges­that­I­have­that­I­don’t­even­real- ize.­I­take­for­granted­things,­I­don’t­even­think­about­it.­This­school’s­defi- nitely­a­White­atmosphere,­but­I­like­the­little­diversity­that­we­do­have,­but­ I­think­there­can­always­be­more.­ I guess maybe it's just ­been ­easier ­for ­me­ to ­do ­thing s­every­day.­ I ­guess­ I­ haven’t­ really ­truly ­thought­ a ­lot­ about ­that.
Tessa­noted­that­while­she­thinks­that­all­people­in­the­Aurora­commu- nity­ are­ equally­ respected,­ she­ is­ not­ certain­ how­ people­ with­ different­ racial­identities­experience­their­time­there.­Several­students­told­us­that­ they­could­not­make­sense­of­how­race,­or­racial­privilege,­played­a­part­ in­their­lives.­Despite­having­engaged­in­courses­and­campus­programs­ that­specifically­introduced­them­to­diverse­ideas,­these­students­had­not­ yet­ considered­ how­ their­ whiteness­ affected­ them.­ While­ there­ was­ a­ sense­ among­ students­ that­ people­ who­ were­ not­ White­ likely­ were­ af- fected­by­their­racial­identities,­several­had­not­yet­considered­how­their­ own­racial­identity­might­affect­them­as­well.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼42 The Journal of Higher Education Discourses of Nominal Difference
for­many­students­in­our­study,­whiteness­was­something­more­fully­ understood­ through­ experiences­ they­ had­ with­ diverse­ others­ or­ in­ un- usual­ situations.­ As­ Mckinney­ (2005)­ has­ pointed­ out,­ whiteness­ is­ often­ a­ prompted­ identity—something­ that­ is­ noticed­ or­ thought­ about­ only­ when­ it­ is­ asked­ about­ or­ prompted­ by­ unique­ circumstances.­ We­ observed­two­ways­in­which­discourses­of­nominal­difference­were­en- gaged.­ The­ first­ was­ through­ a­ multiculturalism­ that­ “flattened­ differ- ence”­(Leonardo,­2009)­by­acknowledging­differences­but­ignoring­the­ power­ dimensions­ of­ those­ differences.­ The­ second­ acknowledged­ dif- ferences­ as­ well­ as­ the­ power­ differentials­ involved­ but­ did­ not­ necessarily ­affect­ students’­ day-to-day ­conceptions ­of ­self ­once ­they ­returned­ to­ their ­home­ environments.­Their ­whiteness ­was ­only­ relevant­ in ­relation ­to ­others’ ­experiences,­ and ­it ­lost ­meaning ­outside ­of ­that ­immediate­ context.
In­ our­ study,­ several­ students ­called­ on ­discourses ­that ­recognized ­ra- cialized­ differences ­in ­a ­given­ situation ­but ­did ­not ­examine ­the ­ways ­in­ which ­those ­differences ­had ­implications ­for ­the­ lives ­of ­those­ involved.­ for­ example,­ when­ asked­ how­ the­ diversity­ of­ the­ student­ body­ at ­Au- rora­ affected­ her ­college ­experience, ­Amber ­responded:­
I’ve­ gotten­ to­ know­ culturally­ diverse­ people­ and­ other­ students­ who­ study­ abroad­ here­ for­ four­ years.­ It’s­ so ­fun ­to ­get ­to ­know ­them­ and­ their ­culture.­ My­ sopho more ­year ­we­ lived ­by ­a ­woman ­who­ was­ from­ Japan­ and­ she­ was­ studying­ here.­ Living­ with ­people ­from ­different ­countries­ was ­really ­good,­ and­ it­ was ­so ­fun ­to ­get ­to ­know ­her ­and ­learn­ about ­her ­culture.
Mary­ emphasized­ that­ she­ hadn’t­ “been­ exposed­ to­ a­ variety­ of­ cultures ”­with ­the ­exception­ of­ her ­study ­abroad ­experience. ­When­reflect- ing­on­the­lack­of­diversity­at­Aurora,­she­commented:
There’s­ still­ not­ as­ much­ diversity­ as­ there­ could­ be,­and­ I­ think­ that­leads ­to­ a ­little ­more ­ignorance.­.­.­.­It’s­ not­ like­ I ­don’t­ want­ to ­get ­to ­know­ people.­ I­ don’t­ really ­care ­what­ you­ look ­like ­or ­anything ­like ­that.
In­ her­ comments,­ Mary­ emphasized­ that­ while­ she­ would­ like­ to­ get­ to­ know­ people­ from­ other­ cultures,­ she­ did­ not­ have­ the­ opportunity­ to­ do­ so­ on­ a­ regular­ basis.­ Through­ her­ final­ comment,­ she­ also­ sug- gested­ that­ racial­ difference­ is­ primarily­ descriptive­ and­ reducible­ to­ appearance.
Several­ students­ framed­ their ­whiteness ­in ­relation ­to ­non-White­per- sons­ they ­encountered­ on-­and ­off-campus.­They­ seemed­ to ­do ­so,­how-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discourses of Whiteness 43
ever,­without­an­awareness­of­the­power­relations­associated­with­those­ different­ identities.­ Others­ expressed­ a­ realization­ that­ whiteness­ was­ deeply­ embedded­ in­ racialized­ power­ relations­ but­ did­ not­ choose­ to­ discuss­how­they­were­implicated­or­drawn­to­action­by­their­whiteness.­ Nor­did­they­articulate­how­they­were­affected­on­a­regular­basis­as­they­ lived­in­and­through­racialized­systems.­The­most­common­situation­in­ which­ students­ told­ us­ they­ began­ to­ become­ aware­ of­ their­ whiteness­ was­ in­ study­ abroad­ experiences.­ Those­ experiences­ often­ translated­ into­either­a­desire­to­do­something­for­others­(as­discussed­in­the­next­ section)­or­simply­an­awareness­of­difference­without­an­articulated­un- derstanding­of­privilege­that­required­action­in­any­way.­
Students­articulated­their­initial­awareness­as­simply­an­awareness­of­ how­ different­ other­ people’s­ lives­ were­ from­ their­ own.­As­ one­ Regina­ student­told­us:­
Despite­the­statistics­about­racial­and­ethnic­diversity­or­economic­diversity,­ everyone­at­Regina­College­is­kind­of­the­same.­We’re­all­going­to­school;­ we’re­ all­ privileged­ enough­ to­ be­ going­ to­ school.­ So­ I­ think­ study­ abroad­ is­really­powerful­because­it­shows­you­how­atypical­our­experience­is.­Be- cause­when­we’re­at­Regina­College­it’s­like­our­whole­world­and­everyone­ is­doing­the­same­thing­so­it’s­really­easy­to­just­take­it­for­granted.­.­.­.­[Study­ abroad]­shows­you­that­it’s­not­at­all­the­way­the­world­is.
Several­ students­ seemed­ to­ collapse­ their­ understandings­ of­ whiteness­ and­privilege­into­understandings­of­homogeneity­at­Regina­and­Aurora,­ and­they­noted­that­when­studying­abroad­or­through­readings­and­dis- cussions­ in­ specific­ classes,­ they­ were­ able­ to­ see­ that­ privilege­ with­ more­clarity.­however,­for­the­students­who­expressed­their­understand- ings­ of­ race­ through­ this­ lens,­ they­ generally­ expressed­ either­ a­ sense­ that­they­are­privileged­as­“White­Americans”­or­that­there­was­discom- fort­in­being­in­a­place­where­they­were­a­minority.­kyra­expressed­that­ racism­ is­ “sad”­ but­ just­ a­ “reality.”­ Mal­ noted­ that­ she­ has­ noticed­ dis- crimination­ mostly­ in­ terms­ of­ jobs­ and­ friends.­And­ Marvel­ discussed­ how­ she’s­ never­ had­ someone­ “judge­ her­ by­ her­ color”­ to­ restrict­ op- portunities.­Jennifer­even­went­so­far­as­to­say,­“[My­whiteness]­defines­ me.­But,­I­don’t­feel­as­much­like­it­defines­me­as­a­person.­But,­it­does­ put­ a­ lot­ of­ parameters­ on­ how­ I­ am­ treated­ in­ society­ and­ kind­ of­ the­ benefits­I­get­just­from­casual­interactions.”­These­students­seemed­con- flicted­ as­ they­ attempted­ to­ make­ meaning­ of­ their­ racial­ identities­ and­ could­not­seem­to­articulate­how­they­were­affected­by­or­thought­about­ their­privilege­in­terms­of­their­interactions­in­the­communities­of­which­ they­were­a­part.­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼44 The Journal of Higher Education Discourses of Responsibility
Several­ students­ in­ our­ study­ tapped­ into­ discourses­ about­ white- ness­that­acknowledged­White­privilege­and­the­responsibility­that­such­ privilege­ brings­ with­ it.­ for­ example,­ Suzanne­ drew­ on­ discourses­ of­ responsibility­ to­ explain­ why­ she­ was­ cognizant­ of­ different­ cultural­ identities­in­high­school­and­why­she­worked­to­bring­awareness­to­her­ peers­ about­ how­ race­ was­ present­ in­ the­ lives­ of­ students­ in­ their­ pre- dominantly­White­school.­As­she­explained:­
I­was­the­co-chair­of­our­Pride­in­Diversity­group­[in]­which­we­just­learned­ about­ different­ cultures­ and­ different­ races­ and­ whatnot.­And,­ it­ was­ really­ funny­because­90%­of­us­were­white,­but­looking­at­the­school,­90%­of­the­ students­ were­ white.­ My­ co-chair­ was­ actually­ African-American,­ and­ we­ worked­really­well­together.­[We­tried­to]­.­.­.­discuss­things­that­she­would­ feel­going­to­a­predominately­White­school­and­then­we’d­kind­of­bring­those­ issues­to­the­surface­and­try­to­open­the­eyes­of­the­students­more.
Within­ this­ experience,­ Suzanne­ described­ her­ inclination­ to­ be­ cultur- ally­aware­and­to­serve­as­a­leader­among­her­peers.­however,­she­does­ not­articulate­whether­or­not­she­and­her­group­considered­whiteness­as­ a­cultural­identity.­
Other­ students­ noted­ how­ many­ of­ their­ experiences,­ oftentimes­ in­ study­abroad,­provided­opportunities­that­they­believed­would­motivate­ them­to­action­at­some­point­in­the­future.­for­example,­Amber­told­us­ the­following:
I­ feel­ like­ I’m­ so­ easy-going­ and­ I­ can­ just­ travel­ anywhere­ and­ it’s­ no­ big­ deal.­[My­college]­experiences­helped­me­do­this.­.­.­.­[My­study­abroad­trip]­ was­ eye-opening­ because­ I’d­ never­ been­ to­ a­ third-world­ country­ and­ I’ve­ noticed­that­I’ve­changed­little­things­about­my­life,­but­nothing­significant­ yet.­I­really­want­to­change­and­make­a­difference­specifically­for­those­peo- ple­.­.­.­where­we­visited.­I­sent­this­huge,­long,­typed-out­letter­to­family­and­ friends­telling­them­what’s­up­and­that­if­you­can,­you­need­to­go­to­a­third- world­country­and­see­it­for­yourself­because­it’s­amazing.­I­want­to­do­more­ to­help­people­like­that;­I­just­have­to­figure­out­what­I­want­to­significantly­ do­and­how­to­do­it.­I’m­kind­of­unsure­right­now.
Amber’s­story­of­her­travels­has­many­components.­her­time­at­Aurora­ has­prepared­her­to­be­comfortable­traveling­the­world.­She­experienced­ her­trip­to­a­South­American­country­as­visiting­a­“third-world­country,”­ and­ while­ she’s­ not­ made­ any­ significant­ changes­ in­ her­ own­ life,­ she­ articulated­her­desire­to­make­a­difference­in­the­lives­of­the­people­she­ met­there.­She­has­contacted­her­friends­and­family­in­an­attempt­to­get­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discourses of Whiteness 45
them­ to­ visit­ similar­ countries­ to­ have­ similar­ “amazing”­ experiences.­ While­ she­ noted­ differences­ in­ access­ to­ power­ and­ resources­ between­ herself­and­the­people­she­met­abroad,­she­did­not­offer­an­articulation­ of­how­similar­systems­of­power­and­privilege­may­play­out­in­her­com- munity­ or­ in­ the­ larger­ U.S.­ context­ and­ how­ she­ might­ intervene­ in­ those­contexts.
finally,­Jennifer­drew­on­her­knowledge­of­racial­and­gender­inequi- ties­in­science­education­and­described­her­sense­of­responsibility­to­in- tervene­in­that­process.­She­told­us­of­her­intentions­to­earn­a­doctorate­ and­ work­ in­ a­ research­ university­ in­ order­ “to­ try­ to­ encourage­ women­ and­ students­ of­ color­ into­ the­ sciences­ because­ physical­ chemistry­ is­ especially­male­dominated,­very­white.­I­think­it­helps­a­lot­to­see­some- one­ who­ is­ not­ a­ White­ male­ teaching­ you,­ because­ it­ makes­ it­ more­ attainable­ for­ you.”­ In­ each­ of­ the­ cases­ where­ students­ drew­ on­ dis- courses­of­responsibility,­they­articulated­a­sense­of­their­own­privilege.­ They­ wanted­ to­ use­ that­ privilege­ to­ help­ others­ in­ some­ way,­ whether­ by­drawing­attention­to­them­(either­in­their­own­communities­or­in­an- other­country)­or,­in­Jennifer’s­case,­by­preparing­to­create­opportunities­ for­women­and­people­of­color­in­science.
Discourses of Transformation
A­ few­ students­ in­ our­ study­ drew­ on­ discourses­ of­ transformation­ to­ articulate­ their­ beliefs­ around­ whiteness­ and­ privilege.­ These­ students­ considered­their­racial­experiences­and­concomitant­privilege­alongside­ other­salient­factors­when­deliberating­about­their­futures.
In­ one­ example,­ Marie­ explained­ to­ us­ that­ only­ recently,­ prompted­ by­a­class­and­a­study­abroad­experience,­did­she­begin­to­see­herself­as­ having­a­race.­When­she­was­in­another­country,­she­recognized­that­her­ minority­status­(as­a­White­person)­was­not­the­same­as­a­Latina­in­the­ United­ States.­ She­ was­ both­ minority­ (in­ terms­ of­ numerical­ represen- tation)­ and­ majority­ (in­ terms­ of­ privilege­ and­ power).­ Upon­ returning­ from­that­trip,­she­participated­in­a­group­that­made­her­question­further­ the­complexities­of­her­identity­as­a­person­with­White­privilege:
This­last­semester­I­had­an­internship­where­I­helped­start­a­Latina­spiritual­ companion­group.­It­was­led­by­another­White­woman,­so­it­was­the­two­of­ us­and­we­were­ministering­to­Latina­women.­.­.­.­That­was­the­biggest­eye­ opener­for­me.­I­found­it­really­difficult­to­lead­them­because­I­was­a­student­ [and]­I­was­White.­And­I­was­like­“Who­am­I­to­be­the­one­here?­What­are­ they­thinking­of­me­as­being­the­one­who­is­leading­the­group?”­.­.­.­It­defi- nitely­entered­my­mind­because­I­didn’t­want­to­be­the­overpowering­White­ woman.­.­.­.­[Participants]­were­always­very­open­and­very­eager­to­do­every-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼46 The Journal of Higher Education
thing­and­very­willing­to­participate,­[but­I’ve­put]­a­lot­of­thought­and­emo- tion­[into­considering]:­“What­role­does­race­play?­And­what­messages­am­I­ sending­just­because­I’m­in­this­room,­because­I’m­White­and­they’re­not?”
While­ Marie­ told­ us­ that­ her­ questioning­ about­ her­ race­ happened­ fairly­ recently,­ she­ actively­ questioned­ experiences­ that­ she­ had­ both­ in­ her­ study­ abroad­ experience­ and­ in­ her­ interactions­ upon­ returning­ to­Aurora.­Marie­came­to­see­her­whiteness­as­significant­in­contexts­in­ which­ she­ interacts­ with­ those­ who­ identify­ as­ racially­ different­ from­ her,­ and­ her­ new­ understandings­ transformed­ the­ ways­ in­ which­ she­ understood­those­relationships.­What­was­not­clear­from­our­conversa- tion­ is­ whether­ Marie­ also­ critically­ questioned­ situations­ in­ which­ she­ was­ interacting­ with­ her­ White­ peers,­ or­ predominantly­ White­ social­ systems,­ to­ interrogate­ how­ racial­ privilege­ affects­ those­ experiences.­ Is­ this­ another­ case­ in­ which­ awareness­ of­ whiteness­ is­ invisible­ until­ “prompted”?
Another­ student­ also­ articulated­ how­ an­ awareness­ of­ racial­ or­ cul- tural­ difference­ has­ had­ a­ transformative­ effect­ in­ her­ life.­ Marvel­ de- scribed­ the­ profound­ experiences­ she­ had­ when­ studying­ abroad­ in­ an­ African­ country­ and­ how­ those­ experiences­ prompted­ reflection­ for­ what­kind­of­life­she­wanted­to­live.­
I­think­I­kind­of­re-approached­who­I­was­now,­but­at­the­same­time­[those­ experiences]­gave­me­such­an­eye-opening­to­cultural­and­racial­differences­ and­identities.­.­.­.­Before­this­trip,­I­never­felt­that­I­judged­people­by­their­ cover,­I­think­that­it’s­made­me­realize­[that­I­do.]­.­.­.­And­[I­want­to]­really­ break­ down­ those­ barriers­ within­ myself­ and­ reach­ out­ to­ people­ who­ may­ look­ different­ than­ me­ or­ act­ different­ than­ me­ or­ have­ different­ values­ or­ separate­personalities,­whatever.­[Studying­abroad]­also­made­me­realize­that­ I­definitely­want­to­keep­myself­exposed­to­all­those­really­different,­unique­ things­that­the­world­has­to­offer.­.­.­.­I­always­joke­with­my­friends­that­I’m­ not­going­to­move­back­to­[my­home­state].­It’s­not­because­of­my­family,­but­ I­don’t­get­fed­with­enough­difference­there.­.­.­.­So­I­think­that’s­part­of­it,­ too;­realizing­how­special­that­was­and­how­I­need­that­in­my­future.
In­ this­ passage,­ Marvel­ described­ how­ she­ believes­ she­ needs­ cultural­ differences­in­her­life­in­order­to­live­the­life­she­envisions.­In­the­con- text­ of­ the­ larger­ conversation,­ it­ became­ clear­ that­ she­ felt­ her­ study­ abroad­experiences­transformed­her­life­intentions­such­that­she­will­not­ choose­to­live­in­a­homogenous­area­again­that­is­not­able­to­nourish­her­ with­cultural­difference.
Jane’s­ is­ the­ final­ story­ we­ wish­ to­ share­ of­ a­ student­ whose­ under- standings­ of­ whiteness­ were­ transformative­ in­ her­ life.­ her­ story­ is­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discourses of Whiteness 47
unique­ from­ most­ of­ the­ others­ in­ that­ she­ was­ introduced­ to­ ideas­ of­ difference­on­multiple­levels­prior­to­attending­Regina.­her­family­vol- unteered­internationally,­hosted­university­students­from­multiple­coun- tries,­and,­as­she­framed­it,­“I­think­I­grew­up­embedded­in­multicultur- alism­and­diversity.”­She­was­able­to­articulate­her­own­racial­develop- ment­ over­ time­ and­ consider­ where­ she­ was­ in­ her­ thinking­ at­ various­ stages­in­her­life.­Whiteness­was­significant­in­every­aspect­of­her­life,­ and­ she­ was­ committed­ to­ working­ against­ racism­ in­ whatever­ context­ she­found­herself.­As­she­described:­
No­doubt­race­has­affected­where­I’ve­gone­and­how­I­have­gotten­there.­.­.­.­ if­ anything,­ because­ of­ all­ the­ skin­ privilege­ I­ have,­ it’s­ probably­ strength- ened­ my­ commitment­ to­ diversity.­ I­ think­ White­ privilege­ has­ been­ a­ crap­ deal­for­everybody.­It’s­a­crap­deal­for­those­who­don’t­receive­the­skin­privi- lege­ and­ it’s­ a­ crap­ deal­ for­ those­ of­ us­ that­ do.­ .­ .­ .­ Everybody­ wants­ to­ be­ valued­more­for­what­they­do­and­who­they­are­than­what­they­look­like.­No­ doubt­it’s­much­worse­for­people­who­do­not­have­White­Caucasian­skin.­At­ the­ same­ time­ it’s­ not­ something­ that­ I­ want,­ so­ it’s­ something­ that­ I­ try­ to­ work­against.
In­ thinking­ about­ how­ she­ will­ work­ toward­ social­ justice,­ and­ against­ unearned­ privileges,­ she­ pointed­ to­ several­ people­ whose­ efforts­ she­ wants­ to­ emulate­ and­ how­ those­ models­ are­ helping­ her­ come­ to­ her­ own­ vision­ of­ her­ future.­ While­ she­ is­ certain­ that­ she­ wants­ to­ “work­ toward­ social­ justice­ somehow,”­ her­ own­ path­ into­ the­ future­ is­ not­ clear.­
Discussion
“Whiteness is less of an essence and more of a choice” (Leonardo, 2009, p. 174).
The­25­White­women­in­our­study­regularly­made­choices­about­how­ to­engage­different­discourses­of­whiteness,­and­those­choices­mattered­ for­ their­ college­ experiences­ and­ their­ futures.­ Many­ scholars­ have­ fo- cused­ on­ how­ race­ and­ gender­ intersect­ in­ ways­ that­ affect­ educational­ experiences­for­women­in­higher­education­(e.g.,­Glazer-Raymo,­2008;­ Montoya,­ 2003;­ Neumann­ &­ Peterson,­ 1997;­ Patton,­ 2009;­ Ropers- huilman,­ 2008;­ Wing,­ 2003).­ In­ this­ article,­ we­ foregrounded­ our­ par- ticipants’­ understandings­ of­ their­ racialized­ identities­ while­ acknowl- edging­ that­ those­ understandings­ are­ gendered­ as­ well.­ In­ this­ discus- sion,­we­consider­the­implications­of­our­participants’­engagement­with­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼48 The Journal of Higher Education
racialized­discourses­as­they­relate­to­higher­education’s­role­in­helping­ students­engage­race­in­their­lives.
The­ first­ implication­ of­ this­ study­ relates­ to­ formal­ study­ abroad­ ex- periences.­ Students­ believed­ their­ time­ abroad­ was­ powerful­ in­ many­ ways.­One­such­way­was­that­studying­abroad­facilitated­students’­mov- ing­ from­ their­ isolated­ campus­ environments­ to­ see­ a­ wider­ range­ of­ human­ experience.­ Studying­ abroad­ urged­ them­ to­ think­ about­ how­ to­ “live­ life­ differently”­ and­ accept­ what­ they­ saw­ as­ a­ responsibility­ to­ “give­back.”­for­some­students,­their­study­abroad­experience­was­also­ a­catalyst­for­self-reflection­about­their­racial­privilege.­
yet,­ it­ raised­ questions­ for­ us­ that­ study­ abroad­ was­ what­ students­ most­often­called­on­to­discuss­their­racial­identity.­Why­were­students­ unable­to­see­differences­in­privilege­on­their­own­campuses­or­in­their­ own­ communities?­ Why­ are­ many­ still­ framing­ their­ most­ significant­ experiences­ related­ to­ race­ as­ being­ in­ a­ country­ outside­ of­ the­ United­ States?­ Will­ they­ be­ able­ to­ translate­ their­ knowledge­ from­ another­ country­ to­ their­ neighbors?­And­ will­ they­ use­ their­ awareness­ of­ privi- lege­to­“help­others”­or­to­dismantle­systems­that­established­their­privi- lege­in­the­first­place?­It­seems­that­several­students­did­not­internalize­ what­ they­ could­ learn­ about­ their­ own­ communities­ from­ the­ dispari- ties­they­witnessed­abroad.­In­many­cases,­they­were­motivated­to­want­ to­ help­ others­ from­ a­ distance.­ This­ desire­ did­ not­ entail­ a­ reflection­ of­ how­ systems­ of­ whiteness­ from­ which­ they­ benefited­ needed­ to­ be­ deconstructed­and­dismantled­in­order­to­challenge­existing­disparities.­ Additionally,­ it­ was­ not­ clear­ that­ students­ recognized­ how­ they­ could­ learn­ from,­ and­ be­ “helped”­ by,­ their­ relationships­ with­ others.­ In­ this­ sense,­then,­students­continued­to­rely­on­hierarchical­understandings­of­ their­relationships­with­those­who­they­characterize­as­“different”­from­ them.­These­characterizations—and­their­exceptions—suggest­that­fur- ther­ reflection­ upon­ completion­ of­ study­ abroad­ experiences­ and­ inte- gration­of­learning­gained­from­such­experiences­into­situations­in­home­ communities­would­be­worth­scholarly­consideration.
Second,­ we­ learned­ that­ students­ have­ significantly­ different­ experi- ences­ prior­ to­ college­ that­ affect­ how­ they­ are­ able­ to­ understand­ and­ engage­ race­ and,­ in­ particular,­ whiteness.­ for­ example,­ for­ Riya,­ race­ was­ simply­ not­ a­ consideration­ in­ her­ years­ prior­ to­ college.­ for­ Jane,­ both­ concepts­ and­ lived­ experiences­ related­ to­ race,­ inequity,­ power,­ privilege,­ and­ difference­ structured­ her­ family’s­ life.­ By­ the­ time­ she­ arrived­at­college,­she­had­already­actively­engaged­questions­to­which­ Riya­had­not­yet­been­introduced.­As­such,­Jane­and­Riya­engaged­with­ and­ made­ meaning­ of­ what­ the­ college­ provided­ them­ in­ very­ different­ ways.­ Just­ as­ institutions­ consciously­ respond­ to­ the­ needs­ of­ students­
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discourses of Whiteness 49
with­different­levels­of­mathematical­knowledge­or­those­who­face­dif- ferent­ developmental­ challenges,­ institutions­ would­ benefit­ from­ being­ more­ thoughtful­ about­ the­ types­ of­ experiences­ they­ facilitate­ for­ stu- dents­ to­ think­ about­ their­ own­ racial­ identities.­ Students­ are­ not­ identi- cal­in­their­racial­understandings,­and­they­need­different­types­of­con- versations,­programming,­and­interactions­to­facilitate­their­racial­iden- tity development.
Third,­ it­ is­ clear­ to­ us­ that­ students’­ understandings­ of­ whiteness­ af- fected­ their­ visions­ of­ their­ futures.­ for­ some,­ mostly­ those­ drawing­ on­ what­ we­ term­ as­ discourses­ of­ insignificance­ or­ nominal­ difference,­ whiteness­ was­ simply­ not­ a­ consideration­ in­ thinking­ about­ their­ fu- tures.­ for­ others,­ mostly­ those­ drawing­ on­ discourses­ of­ responsibility­ and­transformation,­their­future­plans­were­largely­shaped­by­their­rela- tions­with­others­who­were­culturally­or­racially­different­than­them.­As­ institutions­think­about­how­they­help­students­prepare­to­make­thought- ful­decisions­related­to­choice­of­major­and­career,­community­involve- ment,­ and­ how­ they­ want­ to­ craft­ their­ lives,­ they­ should­ consider­ how­ students­ think­ about­ their­ holistic­ identities,­ including­ race.­ further,­ they­should­explore­with­students­what­it­means­to­find­a­primary­aspect­ of­one’s­identity­insignificant,­a­nominal­difference,­a­motivator­to­take­ responsibility,­or­a­source­of­transformation.
In­ order­ to­ truly­ explore­ the­ various­ discourses­ related­ to­ race­ and­ other­ identities­ that­ are­ manifestations­ of­ social­ power,­ campus­ staff­ and­faculty­members­will­have­to­engage­in­this­difficult­work­as­well.­ In­her­individual­interview,­Meredith,­a­student­at­Regina,­was­particu- larly­troubled­by­a­lack­of­reflection­about­the­different­possible­ways­of­ being­and­thinking­about­identity.­She­observed­that­there­were­not­role­ models­ among­ faculty,­ staff,­ or­ students­ who­ examined­ how­ they­ were­ positioned­in­relation­to­race­and­class­identities.­As­she­described:
I­ have­ been­ a­ little­ bit­ disappointed.­ .­ .­ .­ I­ mean­ there­ are­ incredibly­ smart­ people­ [here].­ There­ are­ people­ who­ do­ amazing­ things.­ .­ .­ .­ What­ I­ really­ want­ is­ people­ who­ are­ willing­ to­ just­ look­ at­ themselves­ intensely.­ I­ mean­ we­ can­ talk­ about­ racism­ and­ class­ issues.­ We­ can­ understand­ and­ we­ can­ study­them­in­depth­and­be­like­“This­is­so­wrong,­this­is­so­horrible.­I­want­ to­make­a­change.”­.­.­.­The­only­way­to­fix­this­thing­is­intensely­look­inside­ yourself.­And­I­haven’t­seen­that,­really.­.­.­.­We­don’t­have­to­push­ourselves­ to­think­differently­because­there­is­nobody­up­in­our­face­telling­us­to­think­ something­else,­because­we­all­kind­of­agree.­We­all­agree­with­this­ideology­ to­some­extent.­I­see­that­as­not­a­good­thing­.­.­.­because­once­you­see­that­ everyone­agrees­.­.­.­[you­think],­“I­can­stop­thinking­about­this­even­though­ I­feel­like­there­is­something­more.”
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼50 The Journal of Higher Education
Given­our­findings­and­students’­observations­about­the­lack­of­diversity­ at­Regina­and­Aurora,­Meredith’s­last­comment­is­especially­perplexing.­ her­ sense­ that­ once­ “everyone”­ agrees­ and­ then­ dialogue­ stops,­ begs­ the­question:­Who­is­“everyone”?­Who­is­present­and­has­access­to­the­ knowledge­to­make­decisions­about­what­is­right­and­wrong,­or­simply­ has­ a­ place,­ in­ the­ dialogue?­ If­ those­ participating­ are­ largely­ White,­ how­ are­ the­ voices­ of­ those­ of­ color­ incorporated­ into­ the­ core­ knowl- edge­ bases­ of­ these­ White­ students?­ Troubling­ is­ not­ only­ the­ absence­ of­ knowledge,­ but­ also,­ as­ Meredith­ points­ out,­ the­ sense­ that­ it­ is­ ac- ceptable­to­stop­seeking­knowledge.­If­whiteness­and­the­discourses­that­ support­ its­ varied­ performances­ are­ to­ be­ explored­ and­ interrogated­ on­ college­ campuses,­ faculty,­ staff,­ and­ students­ must­ engage­ these­ per- plexing­questions­on­an­ongoing­basis.­
Implications for Higher Education Institutions
The­ students­ in­ our­ study­ called­ upon­ multiple­ discourses­ related­ to­ whiteness,­ including­ discourses­ of­ insignificance,­ nominal­ differ- ence,­ responsibility,­ and­ transformation.­ We­ urge­ readers­ to­ consider­ the­ ways­ in­ which­ these­ and­ other­ discourses­ are­ present­ on­ their­ campuses­ and­ how­ they­ affect­ students’­ abilities­ to­ work­ toward­ so- cial­ justice­ in­ diverse­ communities.­ Specifically,­ we­ invite­ readers­ to­ think­ about­ the­ following­ questions:­ What­ practices­ in­ higher­ educa- tion­explicitly­or­implicitly­promote­discourses­that­position­whiteness­ as­ insignificant?­ What­ practices­ promote­ an­ awareness­ of­ whiteness­ and­ racial­ difference­ without­ highlighting­ power­ relations­ among­ and­ within­ constructions­ of­ race?­ What­ do­ higher­ education­ institutions­ do­ to­ promote­ understandings­ of­ power­ and­ responsibility­ that­ seek­ to­ engage­ students­ in­ helping­ others?­ Do­ those­ same­ practices­ also­ convey­the­expectation­to­students­that­they­examine­their­own­identi- ties­ in­ relation­ to­ the­ communities­ they­ are­ serving­ (and,­ hopefully,­ learning­from)?­What­experiences­promote­growth­and­transformation­ among­White­students,­especially­in­the­context­of­anti-racism­and­so- cial­justice?­And­which­discourses­undergird­“normal”­engagement­in­ higher­ education?­ (how)­ do­ those­ discourses­ serve­ the­ public­ good?­ Can­ or­ should­ they­ be­ supported,­ transformed,­ or­ ruptured?­ We­ rec- ommend­ that­ campuses­ consider­ these­ questions­ to­ facilitate­ dialogue­ about­ how­ they­ foster­ students’­ engagement­ or­ disengagement­ with­ race­and,­specifically,­whiteness.­In­order­to­further­a­dialogue­in­rela- tion­ to­ these­ questions,­ we­ posit­ the­ following­ recommendations­ and­ reflections.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Diversity Statements
We­recommend­campuses­consider­the­content­and­enactment­of­their­ diversity­ statements.­ What­ are­ the­ multiple­ meanings­ associated­ with­ campus­ diversity­ statements?­ for­ whom­ and­ in­ what­ ways­ are­ they­ sa- lient?­ how­ is­ a­ statement­ developed,­ reflected­ upon,­ and­ animated­ in­ educational­experiences­on­a­particular­campus?­Who­is­invested­in­that­ statement,­and­how­is­its­success­evaluated?­It­is­important­to­consider­ how­ the­ diversity­ statement­ represents­ discursive­ choices­ for­ students­ such­that­they­develop­understandings­of­whiteness­and­its­implications­ for­working­toward­social­justice.
Multicultural Centers and Diversity Programming
We­recommend­that­campuses­consider­whether­they­focus­on­the­ex- periences­of­students­of­color­without­prompting­White­students­to­think­ about­ their­ identities­ and­ how­ they­ are­ positioned­ in­ relation­ to­ people­ of­color.­further,­we­urge­campuses­to­consider­how­this­framing­affects­ how­ White­ students­ prepare­ to­ work,­ learn,­ and­ live­ in­ local­ contexts­ situated­within­the­broader­global­community.­If­whiteness­is­denormal- ized,­and­therefore­acknowledged­as­having­cultural­elements,­how­do/ can­ multicultural­ centers­ play­ a­ role­ in­ prompting­ students­ to­ explore­ whiteness?­We­recommend­that­campuses­consider­acknowledging­and­ foregrounding­whiteness­as­constructed­but­that­they­be­careful­to­do­so­ without­re-establishing­whiteness­as­the­center­of­analysis­and­action.­It­ is­important­to­engage­the­complexities­involved­in­asking­multicultural­ centers­to­help­White­students­explore­discourses­of­whiteness­that­have­ the­possibility­to­transform­campus­cultures.
Study Abroad
We­ recommend­ that­ campuses­ consider­ how­ study­ abroad­ experi- ences­can­and­do­prompt­students­to­explore­whiteness.­What­additional­ experiences­are­needed­to­assist­students­in­integrating­their­understand- ings­of­“others”­in­different­parts­of­the­world­to­their­understandings­of­ themselves­ and­ their­ own­ positions­ in­ terms­ of­ power­ and­ privilege­ in­ their­own­communities,­both­currently­and­into­their­future­lives?­What­ discourses­ do­ campuses­ intend­ to­ facilitate­ through­ study­ abroad?­ We­ recommend­ that­ in­ the­ curricular­ and­ co-curricular­ elements­ of­ study­ abroad­programs,­faculty­and­staff­prompt­an­examination­of­the­rheto- rics­ and­ realities­ that­ animate­ certain­ discourses­ of­ whiteness­ in­ study­ abroad among U.S. students.
Curriculum and Common Practices
It­ is­ critical­ to­ consider­ the­ discourses­ supported­ by­ the­ broader­ cur-
Discourses of Whiteness 51
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼52 The Journal of Higher Education
riculum,­ “common­ practices”­ of­ the­ student­ affairs­ division,­ and­ infor- mal­ and­ formal­ interactions­ between­ and­ among­ students,­ faculty,­ and­ staff.­These­common­practices­are­often­at­the­center­of­the­established­ discourses­ on­ a­ given­ campus,­ discourses­ that­ establish­ what­ is­ normal­ and­recognizable­as­whiteness.­Iverson’s­(2010)­policy­discourse­analy- sis­ of­ campus­ diversity­ plans­ is­ one­ example­ of­ examining­ the­ ways­ in­ which­ policies­ promote­ discourses­ through­ “normal”­ functioning­ that­ perpetuate­concepts­and­roles­that­are­often­unintended.­
Conclusion
Diversity­ is­ understood­ in­ multiple­ ways­ on­ college­ campuses,­ and­ students­ have­ markedly­ different­ experiences­ with­ diverse­ people­ and­ perspectives.­yet,­perhaps­due­to­the­unique­nature­of­the­colleges­we­ included­ in­ our­ study,­ most­ of­ our­ participants­ made­ it­ clear­ that­ they­ had­ been­ exposed­ to­ non-majority­ perspectives­ through­ their­ classes,­ on-campus­interactions,­or­study­abroad­experiences.­however,­as­Agu- ilar-San­ Juan­ (2003)­ has­ asserted,­ “Incorporating­ a­ marginalized­ per- spective­in­a­larger­work­that­does­not­ask­why certain perspectives are marginalized to begin with is­not­sufficient”­(p.­272).­In­our­study,­most­ students­had­not­engaged­with­this­second­level­of­analysis,­which­is­the­ kind­of­reflection­that­is­necessary­to­changing­social­systems­of­power­ and­privilege.­We­urge­colleges­and­universities­of­all­types­to­examine­ the­ways­in­which­they­might­use­this­more­integrative­approach­to­en- gage­ their­ students­ in­ preparing­ for­ local,­ national,­ and­ global­ citizen- ship.­The­interrogation­of­whiteness­is­an­essential­part­of­diversifying­ higher­education.
Notes
1­All­names­of­institutions­and­participants­are­pseudonyms.
References
Aguilar-San­Juan,­k.­(2003).­Going­home:­Enacting­justice­in­queer­Asian­America. In C. R.­McCann­&­S.-k.­kim­(Eds.),­Feminist theory reader: Local and global perspectives (pp.­267–276).­New­york:­Routledge.­
Alliance­for­Board­Diversity.­(2008).­Women and minorities on Fortune 100 boards.­Re- trieved­from­http://www.elcinfo.com/reports.php
American­Council­on­Education.­(2007).­The American college president.­Retrieved­from­ http://www.acenet.edu
Anzaldúa,­G.­(1990).­La­conciencia­de­la­mestiza:­Towards­a­new­consciousness.­In­Mak- ing face, making soul: Haciendo caras (pp.­377–389).­San­francisco:­Aunt­Lute.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discourses of Whiteness 53
Barajas,­h.­(2009,­November).­From disequilibrium to multicultural literacy: Diverse stu- dents and service-learning.­Paper­presented­at­the­meeting­of­the­Association­for­the­ Study­of­higher­Education,­vancouver,­BC.
Biographical­ Directory­ of­ federal­ Judges.­ (2009).­ Retrieved­ from­ http://www.fjc.gov/ public/home.nsf/hisj
Bonilla-Silva,­E.­(2006).­Racism without racists: Color-blind racism and the persistence of racial inequality in the United States.­Lanham,­MD:­Rowman­&­Littlefield.
California­Newsreel­(Producer).­(2003).­Race: The power of an illusion­[motion­picture].­ (Available­from­California­Newsreel­Order­Department,­P.O.­Box­2284,­South­Burling- ton,­vT­05407–2284)
Cole,­E.­R.­(2009).­Intersectionality­and­research­in­psychology.­American Psychological Association (64)3,­170–180.
Crenshaw,­ k.­ (1993).­ Demarginalizing­ the­ intersection­ of­ race­ and­ sex:­ A­ Black­ femi- nist­ critique­ of­ antidiscrimination­ doctrine,­ feminist­ theory­ and­ antiracist­ politics.­ In­ D.­k.­Weisbert­(Ed.),­Feminist legal theory: Foundations (pp.­383–395).­Philadelphia:­ Temple University Press.
Davies,­B.,­&­Gannon,­S.­(2006).­Doing collective biography.­New­york:­Open­University­ Press.
Dill,­B.­T.,­McLaughlin,­A.­E.,­&­Nieves,­A.­D.­(2007).­future­directions­of­feminist­re- search:­Intersectionality.­In­S.­N.­hesse-Biber­(Ed.),­Handbook of feminist research: Theory and praxis­(pp.­629–637).­Thousand­Oaks,­CA:­Sage.
Ellis,­C.­(2004).­The ethnographic I: A methodological novel about autoethnography. Wal- nut­Creek,­CA:­AltaMira­Press.
fairclough,­N.­(2000).­Discourse and social change.­Malden,­MA:­Blackwell.­(Original­ work­published­1992)
fairclough,­N.­(2009).­Analysing discourse: Textual analysis for social research. New­ york:­Routledge. (Original­work­published­2003)
fine,­M.­(1996).­Off White: Readings on race, power, and society.­New­york:­Routledge.­ frankenberg,­R.­(1993).­White women, race matters: The social construction of whiteness.
Minneapolis,­MN:­University­of­Minnesota­Press.
frankenberg,­ R.­ (2000).­ White­ women,­ race­ matters:­ The­ social­ construction­ of­ White- ness.­In­L.­Back­&­J.­Solomos­(Eds.), Theories of race and racism (pp.­447–461).­ London:­Routledge.
Gee,­J.­P.­(2005).­An introduction to discourse analysis: Theory and method (2nd ed.). New­york:­Routledge.
Glazer-Raymo,­J.­(2008).­Unfinished agendas: New and continuing gender challenges in higher education.­Baltimore:­Johns­hopkins­University­Press.
Grillo,­ T.,­ &­ Wildman,­ S.­ (1997).­ Obscuring­ the­ importance­ of­ race:­ The­ implication­ of­ making­comparisons­between­racism­and­sexism­(or­other­isms).­In­A.­k.­Wing­(Ed.),­ Critical race feminism (pp.­44–56). New­york:­New­york­University­Press.
hall,­ S.­ (2001).­ foucault:­ Power,­ knowledge­ and­ discourse.­ In­ M.­ Wetherell,­ S.­ Taylor,­ &­S.­J.­yates­(Eds.),­Discourse theory and practice: A reader (pp.­72–81).­Thousand­ Oaks,­CA:­Sage.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼54 The Journal of Higher Education
helms,­J.­E.­(1990).­Black and White racial identity: Theory, research, and practice.­New­
york:­Greenwood.
Iverson,­S.­(2010).­Producing­diversity:­A­policy­discourse­analysis­of­diversity­action­ plans.­ In­ E.­ J.­ Allan,­ S.­ v.­ D.­ Iverson,­ &­ R.­ Ropers-huilman­ (Eds.),­ Reconstructing policy in higher education: Feminist poststructural perspectives­(pp.­193–214).­New­ york:­Routledge.
kendall,­f.­E.­(2007).­Understanding White privilege: Creating pathways to authentic relationships across race. New­york:­Routledge.
Lave,­J.,­&­Wenger,­E.­(1991).­Situated learning: Legitimate peripheral participation. Cambridge,­Uk:­Cambridge­University­Press.
Leonardo,­Z.­(2009).­Race, Whiteness, and education.­New­york:­Routledge. McCall,­L.­(2005).­The­complexity­of­intersectionality.­Signs: Journal of Women in Cul-
ture and Society 30(3),­1771–1800.
McIntosh,­P.­(1988).­White privilege and male privilege: A personal account of coming to see correspondences through work in women’s studies. Working paper #189, Wellesley College­Center­for­Research­on­Women.­Weston,­MA:­Wellesley­College.­
Mckinney,­k.­(2005).­Being White: Stories of race and racism.­New­york:­Routledge.
Montoya,­M.­E.­(2003).­Mascaras,­Trenza,­y­Grenas:­Un/masking­the­self­while­un/braid- ing­Latina­stories­and­legal­discourse.­In­A.­k.­Wing­(Ed.),­Critical race feminism (pp. 70–77).­New­york:­New­york­University­Press.
National­Center­for­Education­Statistics.­(2009).­Fast facts and Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System.­Retrieved­from­http://nces.ed.gov/
Neumann,­A.,­&­Peterson,­P.­(1997).­Learning from our lives: Women, research, and auto- biography in education.­New­york:­Teachers­College­Press.
Omi,­M.,­&­Winant,­h.­(1994).­Racial formation in the United States: From the 1960s to 1990s.­New­york:­Routledge.­
Patton,­L.­(2009).­My­sister’s­keeper:­A­qualitative­examination­of­mentoring­experiences­ among­African­American­women­in­graduate­and­professional­schools.­Journal of High- er Education, 80,­510–537.
Roediger,­D.­R.­(1998).­Black on White: Black writers on what it means to be White.­New­ york:­Schocken.­
Ropers-huilman,­B.­(2008).­Women­faculty­and­the­dance­of­identities:­Constructing­self­ and­privilege­within­community.­In­J.­Glazer-Raymo­(Ed.),­Unfinished business: Wom- en, gender, and the new challenges of higher education (pp.­35–51).­Baltimore:­Johns­ hopkins­University­Press.­
Ropers-huilman,­R.,­&­Winters,­k.­T.­(2010).­Imagining­intersectionality­and­the­spaces­ in­ between:­ Theories­ and­ processes­ of­ socially­ transformative­ knowing.­ In­ M.­ Savin- Baden­&­C.­h.­Major­(Eds.),­New approaches to qualitative research: Wisdom and uncertainty­(pp.­37–48).­New­york:­Routledge.­
Takaki,­R.­(1994).­A different mirror: A history of multicultural America.­New­york:­Back­ Bay.
Thandeka.­(1999).­Learning to be White: Money, race, and God in America.­New­york:­ Continuum.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Discourses of Whiteness 55 Trepagnier,­B.­(2006).­Silent racism: How well-meaning White people perpetuate the ra-
cial divide.­Boulder,­CO:­Paradigm.
U.S.­Census­Bureau.­(2008,­August­14).­2009 National population projections, 2006– 2008 American community survey 3-year estimates: California fact sheet, and 2006– 2008 American community survey 3-year estimates: Vermont fact sheet.­Retrieved­from­ http://census.gov
Wing,­A.­k.­(2003).­Critical race feminism.­New­york:­New­york­University­Press.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.




TITLE: Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty: Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2


￼Adrianna Kezar
Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty:
Willingness, Capacity, and Opportunity to Perform at Four-Year Institutions
This article reports on a case study of 25 departments comparing those that have put poli- cies and practices in place to support non-tenure-trackfaculty to those that have not to determine whether this impacts faculty willingness, capacity, and opportunity to perform. Four departmental cultures emerged related to differential outcomes.
Non-tenure-track faculty (NTTF) numbers have risen to two-thirds of the faculty, which has led to debate and research about their role and impact on the academy (AFT, 2010). Research has documented some problematic trends, including lack of thoughtful hiring (Cross & Gold- enberg, 2009), poor working conditions (Baldwin & Chronister, 2001; Gappa & Leslie, 1993; HoUenshead et al., 2007; O'Meara, Terosky, & Neumann, 2008), and a set of negative outcomes for students—such as lower graduation rates and less likelihood to transfer from a two-year to a four-year institution for students taking more courses with contin- gent faculty (Eagan & Jaeger; 2009; Ehrenberg & Zhang, 2005; Jacoby, 2006). Furthermore, research has shown that NTTF use less engaging and student-centered pedagogies, spend less time preparing for class.
Adrianna Kezar is Professor in the Rossier School of Education at the University of Southern California; kezar@usc.edu.
The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 84, No. 2 Copyright © 2013 by The Ohio State University
￼154 The jounnal of Higher Education
and have fewer contact hours with students for advising or being avail- able for office hours (Baldwin & Mywrwinksi, 2011; Benjamin, 2003). Several researchers have hypothesized that the poor working conditions of NTTF impact student leaming conditions, but we have limited evi- dence about whether changes in policy make a difference or how insti- tutional and departmental policies might be related to student outcomes (Baldwin & Mywrwinksi, 2011; Eagan & Jaeger; 2009;Ehrenberg & Zhang, 2005; Jaeger & Eagan, 2009). These gaps in our understanding make policy development and leadership around NTTF problematic. In short, we know little about the interrelationship among these studies, such as how working conditions might affeet faculty performance and student outcomes.
We do know that departmental eulture and the resultant poliees and practices do affect tenure-track faculty performance, and one could de- duce that the lack of policies and practices or existence of problematic policies affect NTTF performance (Gappa, Austin, & Trice, 2007). A study by Bland, Center, Finstad, Risbey, and Staples (2006) was one of the first to compare non-tenure-track and tenure-track faculty perfor- mance and to examine working conditions, demonstrating that NTTF productivity on a series of work measures (research productivity, teach- ing productivity, and commitment) was lower. The researchers con- nected working eonditions (e.g., rewards, clear expeetations for contin- ued appointment, resources, and participafion in govemance) to some global measures of faculty productivity (e.g., teaching productivity).
The present article follows up on this important productivity study, attempting to explore NTTF performance more broadly and in more detail through case study method. Bland et al.'s (2006) study used na- tional faculty data (National Study of Postsecondary Faculty [NSOPF]), but the dataset examined few working conditions and performance out- comes. In order for leaders to make changes, they need to know more than that there is a global link between working conditions and perfor- mance. They need to know what specific types of policies and practices are most salient to performance and what sort of culture best supports faculty performance. Furthermore, as the literature review will demon- strate, departmental culture plays a pivotal role in faculty performance. A better understanding of the specific contexts in which faculty work takes place may enhance our understanding of what working conditions affeet performanee (Trowler, 2008).
The study also attempts to shed light on the findings of lower gradu- ation rates and less likelihood of transfer for students that have elass with many adjuncts by exploring the connections between working eon- ditions, performance, and student outcomes—such as persistence and
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty 155
learning. One barrier to fully understanding these issues is that cam- puses are unwilling to provide student outcome comparison data on classes taught by NTTF and tenure-track faculty for fear of bad public- ity. However, it is possible to interview NTTF about their experience working within these environments and the perceived links they see be- tween working conditions, performance, and student outcomes. The re- search question addressed in this article is: How is departmental culture (and resultant policies and practices) as perceived by non-tenure-track faculty shaping their willingness, capacity, and opportunity to perform as teachers and, relatedly, how is it linked to their ability to create a quality teaching and learning environment? The notions of willingness, capability, and opportunity to perform, as well as culture, are defined next in the literature review. The study focused on both full- and part- time non-tenure-track faculty at four-year institutions.
Literature Review
The literature review is divided into two sections—the first on frame- works for understanding performance and the second on departmental culture—as these are the main concepts focused on within the study.
Worker and Faculty Performance Frameworks
The overarching framework for the study is based on Blumberg and Pringle's (1982) synthesis of fifty years of literature on work perfor- mance. Blumberg and Pringle proposed a framework for understanding employee work performance that summarized this extensive literature and brought together three separate lines of research. Their framework examined willingness to perform, capacity to perform, and opportunity to perform. Blumberg and Pringle noted that most of the literature in the past has focused on either capacity-emphasizing issues (such as knowledge, intelligence, or level of education) or willingness-to-work issues (such as motivation, satisfaction, attitude, or feelings of equity). They noted that a more recent line of research is also important to con- sider: opportunity to perform, which examines working conditions such as equipment, materials, actions of coworkers, leader behavior, mentoring, organizational policies, rules and procedures, norms, and information.
Blumberg and Pringle suggested that to thoroughly understand worker performance entails a synthesis of all three of these dimen- sions—capacity, willingness, and opportunity to perform (see Figure 1). This framework is particularly helpful because it emphasizes individual traits and characteristics that are important for worker performance and
￼156 The Journal of Higiier Education
Capacity
Perform
Willingness
Perform
Worker Performance
Opportunity
Perform
FIGURE 1. Blumberg and Pringle (1982) Framework
also looks at institutional responsibility and struetures that are related to whether workers can perform optimally. In addition, Marcoulides and Heck (1993) noted how the elements of opportunify to perform, such as organizational polieies and procedures, norms, and leader behavior, are all elements that make up the culture of an organization—and orga- nizational culture has been identified as important to shaping employee performance and effectiveness. Thus, their framework included an im- portant and significant overlooked set of conditions, the opportunity to perform, and linked three areas often examined in isolation.
Within higher education, a recent framework by Gappa, Austin, and Trice (2007) attempted to bring together many of the similar types of characteristies that Blumberg and Pringle (1982) synthesized as critical to understanding worker performance. The Gappa et al. framework is important beeause, like Blumberg and Pringle, they aggregated varying elements that are often studied independently (e.g., motivafion, train- ing, and rewards) and examined the interaetion of these many important facets of worker performance. Gappa et al. (2007) proposed that certain characteristics affect the performance of faculty: employment equity.
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty 157
academic freedom and autonomy, flexibility, professional growth, and collegiality. They suggested that at the center of these essential elements of faculty work is respect, which is related to a set of outcomes, includ- ing increased faculty satisfaction, enhanced meaningfulness of work, increased organizational commitment, enhanced recruitment and reten- tion, a broader spectrum of individuals represented on the faculty, and more strategic utilization of intellectual capital. As a heuristic device and to see the commonalities of these two frameworks, I overlaid the two frameworks and describe ways that they can be seen as compat- ible—joining two previously separated conceptualizations into a com- bined framework. In comparing the Gappa et al. (2007) framework to Blumberg and Pringle (1982), capacity relates to the issue of profes- sional growth. Willingness to perform is reflected in their focus on em- ployment equity, respect, collegiality, and flexibility; the opportunity to perform relates to the notion of academic freedom, autonomy, and em- ployment equity (see Figure 2).
Gappa et al. (2007) also linked their framework to the notion of cul- ture, particularly around the notion of respect, which they felt is heavily tied to the institutional culture. They noted that underlying values such
Capacity Professional Growth
Willingness
Employment Equity ' Respect
' Collegiality
' Flexibility
Worker Performance
Opportunity
Employment Equity Academic Freedom Autonomy
FIGURE 2. Blumberg and Pringle (1982) Overlaid with Gappa, Austin, and Trice (2007)
￼158 The Journal of Higher Education
as respect are what drive institutions to create employment equity or work flexibility, the very policies that allow faculty to perform. Thus, their framework begins with an understanding of the culture and em- phasizes the value of respect that would extend to the creation of an environment that helps produce positive worker outcomes. The authors also described the importance of departments and the department chair for creating the culture that establishes faculty work performance and possibilities. Many studies of four-year institutions have demonstrated that faculty are strongly influenced by departments and that arena is the main cultural influence (Austin, 1990; Trowler, 2008). Therefore, both of these frameworks draw from the broader literature on organizational theory related to worker performance and the subset of literature on faculty performance. The literature suggests multifaceted performance frameworks and the importance of the organizational culture (and/or faculty departmental culture) for influencing faculty performance.
Departmental Culture
In the present study, culture is defined as a socially constructed phe- nomenon in which individuals perceive, experience, and reproduce the values, norms, and expectations of a particular group of people (Mar- tin, 1993; Tierney, 1988). I adopt Martin's (1993) view of culture in her major synthesis of the literature on organizational culture. Culture in Organizations: Three Perspectives. According to Martin, there is no single reality of culture but individual perceptions may coalesce around certain similar values or norms, particularly in subgroups that have the same experience. She predicts that culture is perceived in more similar ways for individuals that share certain circumstances. Privileged or mar- ginalized groups may experience an organizational culture differently from each other but may have a shared sense of reality within group. Thus, her work predicts that NTTF with similar conditions will have a shared sense of reality about their departments and may have a very different view than tenure-track faculty. Martin's work is important for moving beyond limited views of culture, in which everyone shares a single or similar view of organization or culture, and for demonstrat- ing how culture often is captured best by speaking to those within the culture. Many cultural studies, coming out of the tradition of ethnogra- phy, depend heavily on observation. While the locals are interviewed, the researcher's view is often privileged. Martin emphasizes the value of understanding culture from the perspective of people within groups/ organizations.
For faculty at four-year institutions, the department is usually the most important organizational level for defining institutional values.
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty 159
norms, and expectations, particularly for NTTF that have very little re- lationship to the overall institution (Austin, 1990). The department chair typically influences departmental culture—playing a leadership role and creating, enacting, and altering policies. While department chairs regularly tum over, when they are in the position of chair they have access to rewards, resources, and authority (Gappa et al., 2007). The chair also has access to others with power and influence to shape the culture through the hierarchy of deans, vice presidents, and the provost. Furthermore, long-time, tenure-track faculty also shape the culture be- cause of their opportunity over time to have input on policies and prac- tices that shape values, through their connections with other colleagues and networks, and through their resultant social clout. Because depart- ments are nested in schools and colleges, deans and other leadership positions may also shape the culture. The overall institution also affects the culture and, depending on the institutional type, this influence can be strong (such as in community colleges) or quite weak (such as within large comprehensive institutions and universities).
This literature informed the study in the following ways: Blumberg and Pringle's (1982) and Gappa et al.'s (2007) frameworks provided areas to explore and ask questions about work performance—ensuring questions would be inclusive of areas we know shape performance. Also these frameworks emphasize that policies and practices related to per- formance emerge from the underlying culture—that is, its values and norms. Martin's (1993) work on culture helped inform the way culture was examined as socially constructed among subgroups and the need to focus on NTTF's own views of the culture as most salient.
Methodology
The study employed a multi-case study methodology of three institu- tions that have made changes to support NTTF and focused on examin- ing a set of departments and the degree to which these changes had been translated into departments as a result of their cultures. Case study is particularly well-suited to the study of practices (such as worker per- formance) and culture, allowing the researcher to understand a setting in depth and in context (Bogdan & Biklen, 2003; Creswell, 2007). I ad- opted a constructivist paradigm that suggests that the most salient issue is how individuals make meaning of their experience, which shapes behavior and reality. Constructivism also suggests that human beings largely have an accurate understanding of their own experience, particu- larly issues they are close to (Crotty, 2001; Stake, 1997).
￼160 The Journal of Higher Fducation
Case Study and Sample Selection
Studies of NTTF policies are better able to make recommendations if they are context-based and focus on a particular institutional type, as there are significant differences between community colleges, research universities, liberal arts colleges, masters-granting institutions, and comprehensive institutions. I examined four-year institutions, as two- year colleges have already been the focus of many studies of NTTF. Also four-year institutions have had less time to address the shift in faculty to NTTF than community colleges that experienced this trend earlier, so the findings have current policy implications. Next I wanted an institution type that was involved in educating a large population of students and therefore would have greater policy implications, thus I chose Master 1 Carnegie schools. Also large public institutions face state budget deficits, making use of NTTF increasingly prevalent.' I chose a multi-institution case study to ensure that findings were not due to unique history or context features but rather represent salient trends that are transferable to different contexts. Another important criteria for site selection was identifying typical institutions not known for having particularly positive policies in place for NTTF but ones that had made some changes at the institutional level, so that I knew that some depart- ments might have altered their practices in support of NTTF.^ This sam- pling has the most transferability, as most institutions across the coun- try are not exemplary nor have they done absolutely nothing to con- sider the role of NTTF.' I cannot list details of the three institutions as is often common in case study because the individuals interviewed are extremely vulnerable given their contingent status, and I need to pro- tect their anonymity. However, I describe a few important contextual features that do not reveal their identity. A profile of each institution is
provided in Appendix A.
I wanted to represent all the key academic areas and ensure issues were relevant within different disciplines. Some commentators claim that problems are isolated to the humanities and that other areas are more immune to these trends (Lee, 2004). I obtained a sample of sci- ence, social sciences, humanities, and professional fields (25 depart- ments total). Furthermore, we know that departments/disciplines have distinctive cultures based on earlier research by authors such as Biglan (1973) who found three key distinctions (hard/soft, pure/applied, and life/non-life) across the sciences, social sciences, and humanities. Also disciplines may vary because of size, structure, or history. For exam- ple, NTTF in the professional fields have traditionally been included in departmental activities and treated more as equals on some campuses
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Eaculty 161
(Gappa & Leslie, 1993). The study included a large enough sample to look at these fypes of differences.
We also know that contract type shapes NTTF experience and fac- ulty that teach a course who are retired from a professional posifion (part-time or adjunct) have different experiences and expectations than faculty who are conducting non-tenure-track work as their full-time po- sition and/or are working full-time. Therefore, within eaeh department seleeted, I spoke with at least four to six people representing varying contract fypes (full- and part-time) to make sure I understood the depart- mental polices and practices from the different perspectives of NTTF.
Appendix B provides an overview of the sample. In total, I inter- viewed 107 NTTF in 25 departments across the 3 institutions. The table designates the 3 insfitutions, 25 departments and cultures present, and the number of people of eaeh contract type interviewed within eaeh department.'' In addition, in some departments they only hired full- or part-time NTTF, so I was restricted to those interviews. I recruited par- ticipants through a well-networked informant on each campus who was a NTTF member with whom I developed a relationship. These individu- als also helped me identify information-rich departments that seemed to represent different cultures on campus. They sent out an invitation to faculty in the departments to participate in my study and eneouraged their involvement.
Data Collection
I conducted one-on-one interviews with NTTF as the main source of data collection. Interviews ranged between 60 to 90 minutes and fo- cused on the following areas: (1) general information about their role, diseipline, and background; (2) their perspective on the institution, de- partment, and existing policies; (3) their views about departmental val- ues, norms, and beliefs; (4) the impact of policies on their performance and student learning; (5) description of their teaching and advising prac- tices and relationship to departmental policies; (6) role and interaction with others in the department, sueh as eommunication, coUeagueship, and information; and (7) an open-ended area for them to add in any- thing else. The main goal ofthe study was to determine the way that the polieies and practices of eaeh department shaped the possibilities for performance.
Case study also often entails observafion and document analysis. For each campus, prior to interviews I reviewed the institutional website, key documents including self-study for aecreditation that often spoke to working conditions for NTTF, strategic plans, faculty handbooks, union contracts, and departmental websites and materials. I also conducted
￼162 The journal of Higher Education
observations of the department office, departmental postings (most de- partmental hallways had listings of faculty or contained faculty info), and faculty offices and spaces. I observed student interactions and office hours within departments. In addition to departmental observations, I observed key areas where students spent time, such as luncheon areas, student unions, and libraries—attempting to hear students talking about faculty and the teaching and learning experience.
Analysis
Several phases of data analysis took place given the layers of data (institutional, departmental, disciplinary, contract type). Interview data were first coded using the Blumberg and Pringle (1982) and Gappa et al. (2007) frameworks, examining policies and practices mentioned as shaping performance. I analyzed when faculty brought up the working condition and noted its impact on their performance/educational qual- ity outcomes or impacts. I used Spradley's (1979) domain analysis of working conditions, performance, and educational impacts in which a domain is identified, the relationship between particular dimensions is established, and then examples are collected. Next I coded data for val- ues, norms, and beliefs faculty described related to their department cul- ture. I indentified four cultures in initial coding, and then I analyzed the dimensions of the culture in more detail to create a portrait of these four cultures. I developed a table containing the three dimensions of Blum- berg and Pringle's framework and an indication for how working condi- tions impacted their performance and educational environment—includ- ing quotations of the interviewee that illustrated concept and informa- tion on departmental culture, institution, discipline, and contract type to examine further patterns. Appendix C is a summary and consolidation of the analysis, though this paper will highlight only a select number of the most significant issues. I examined for differences by institution, discipline, and contract type.
Trustworthiness
The careful attention to sample selection that is part of the case study process helps ensure the trustworthiness of the data. By interviewing both full- and part-time NTTF and faculty from a host of disciplines, I established that the data represented these contract types and a full range of disciplines. By controlling for institutional type and conducting a multi-case study, I made it more likely that the findings are transfer- able to other similar types of institutions. The data became saturated (i.e., the same themes were repeated within interviews) at all three in- stitutions and across departments. Another way I ensured trustworthi-
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty 163
ness is through member checks with campus informants (approximately three to four people per campus) who were long-time members of the community, well respected by different groups, and seen as credible. These individuals reviewed data, noting if findings resonated with their own understanding of the culture, policies, and practices.
Findings
There were four different types of cultures that emerged as prototypes (destructive, neutral, inclusive, and learning), and these cultures would likely be found on other similar campuses. Faculty perceived each cul- tural prototype to shape the capacity, willingness and opportunity to perform, though in different ways. Each interviewee also described how each area—willingness, capacity, and opportunity—had a perceived ef- fect on educational outcomes. The neutral culture was by far the most common culture (thirteen departments) followed by the inclusive cul- ture with six departments. The destructive and learning cultures (three departments each) were less common. It should be noted that while these prototypes emerged, the labels (e.g., destructive, learning) repre- sent a social construction that people experienced slightly differently. There was more range or spectrum rather than an exact sense of the cul- ture as an ontological reality. The composites paint a picture that might look slightly different depending on the institution you are at or your personal experience as a faculty member, but likely these various proto- types exist within some range of the spectrum.
There were some differences in the perspective of full-time and part- time NTTF. They typically agreed on the overall perception of the cul- ture, but some full-time NTTF had built relationships that shielded them from the more negative aspects of the destructive and neutral cultures. Part-time NTTF experienced the worst of these negative cultures. In some instances, they felt culture was different between these groups (the findings about felt culture are the topic of another paper and not a major focus here given space constraints). There was no clear pat- tern for certain areas, such as professional fields or the humanities, as to whether they would have more learning, inclusive, neutral, or de- structive cultures. Differences in departmental culture seemed related to leadership by the chair—that is, whether they were supportive or not. In addition, if NTTF shifted into tenure-track positions, this would posi- tively affected departmental culture. These faculty understood the nega- tive policies that impacted their success and were much more conscious about needed changes to make NTTF successful. Perhaps not surpris- ingly, the institution that had made more progress in policy changes ap-
￼164 The Journal of Higher Education
peared to have more departments that were inclusive or leaming rather than destmctive or neutral. However, the difference was fairly minor, and it appears that institutions (at this point in time of transition among faculty in the academy) will likely tend to have a range of departmen- tal cultures based on both the faculty within these departments and the histories of these departments within the institution. Therefore, one can- not assume that if an institution has put positive policies and practices in place at the institutional level that the change will always translate down into departments, which are slower to adopt practices. These trends are probably largely transferable to other four-year public Mas- ters 1 institutions.
The summary table in Appendix C provides an overview of the quali- ties of the four cultures; how the culture shaped faculty capacity, will- ingness, and opportunity to perform; and how NTTF described policies/ practices shaping the leaming environment. The results below are orga- nized according to the four cultures. Within the four cultures, I have two sections: (1) values and norms that affect willingness to perform and (2) sample policies and practices that impact capacity and opportunity to perform. Due to space constraints, I provide a few examples of practices and policies with accompanying quotes about their impact on faculty performance and ability to shape the leaming environment.^ For all find- ings, please see Appendix C.
Destructive Culture
Values and Norms that Affect Willingness to Perform. The primary val- ues driving the destructive culture are of active disrespect for NTTF members. The departments tend to be elitist in perspective, believing only faculty who have eamed a doctorate, obtained a tenure-track po- sition, and are awarded tenure are worthy academics. The department chair and most of the tenure-track faculty within departments that have this culture do not feel that NTTF are qualified instruetors or profes- sionals. As a result of the feelings of disrespect, NTTF typically are not listed as faculty in departmental materials, never mentioned as part of faculty, have low pay, and have any institutional protections or safe- guards ignored by the chair (such as allowing them participation in meetings, orientation, benefits, or market-rate pay). Often these depart- ments have reluctantly hired the faculty as a short-term measure in eco- nomic hard times and do not believe in the capabilities of these faeulty members, nor would they want to enhance them. In these departments, there is likely no concern about NTTF satisfaction, motivation to work, or working conditions being amenable to quality teaching. Chairs are often inaccessible to NTTF, and tenure-track faeulty are hostile. One
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty 165
NTTF summarized the treatment and how it affects willingness to perform:
I think this really sums it up. Lecturers are people that tenure-track faculty do not interact with. When we are spoken about or thought about, it's about correcting our mistakes or keeping us in line. There is no assumption that we are professionals and that we should be a part of decisions or conversations. With that attitude, why would I put in the extra effort, even my desire to help students is destroyed by the toxic environment.
I labeled this culture destructive because it had the most negative im- pact on faculty performance and the opportunity for creating a quality student-learning environment. The words that most NTTF in these de- partments used to describe this culture were: "inhumane," "below sec- ond class," "hired help," "disposable," "warm body," "you feel like a machine not a person," and "psychically debilitating." One NTTF de- scribed the way tenure-track faculty think about and treat NTTF:
Tenure-track faculty think we are incompetent, and they do not treat us as professionals. For example, I got this anonymous note in my box about teaching statistics—suggesting I was teaching it wrong. I thought it was so rude that rather than come talk to me about the issue, he just assumes that I'm incompetent. Also, the fact that the person didn't even sign their name or say "why don't you come to me if you have questions?" The assumption always is that lecturers are incompetent and we can assume that they're doing something wrong with their teaching.
Destructive cultures were not as common within the sample (3 of 25), but since the culture did emerge in several departments and had a per- ceived very negative impact on willingness, capacity, and opportunity to perform, it seems important to describe.
Sample Policies and Practices that Impact Capacity and Opportunity to Perform. In terms of capacity to perform, within the destructive cul- ture, NTTF discussed how hiring is done with little thought, is very unsystematic, and sometimes even illegal practices are used. There is typically no orientation, socialization, or professional development pro- vided to faculty because, within the destructive culture, there is no care or thought for these faculty (with the exception of correcting or control- ling them as in the quotations above). One NTTF commented on the poor hiring, orientation, and socialization:
Because right now the lectures are just really thrown in there (to teach) and I mean days before a course theyfindout they are teaching, it's not right. And
￼166 The Journal of Higher Education
we keep having more retirements, but rather than hire tentire-track faculty they keep hiring lecturers and they haven'tfiguredout a way to handle bring- ing them in an appropriate way—no orientation, no mentoring. They're just trying to get warm bodies into classrooms with no information whatsoever not even how to turn in grades.
Last-minute hiring and lack of orientation and mentoring made NTTF unable to properly prepare for courses. As many NTTF noted: "We are learning the material with the students for the most part." They also eannot help students with basie questions, as they have no understand- ing about any basic departmental or eampus policies.
While typically these departments provide no support and profes- sional resources for NTTF, some departments distrusted NTTF so much that they created rigid course syllabi for them to follow, believing that they were incapable of having freedom to teach with a sample sylla- bus or set of learning goals. The NTTF in destructive departments are required to teaeh strictly within the guidelines of the syllabus and are told they cannot make any changes in assignments, texts, etc.: "Another insulting practice is providing these rigid course syllabi where we can- not make any changes or we will not be invited back to teach. This cer- tainly does not allow us to draw on our strengths and the syllabi are so out of date, it is just bad teaching, but what can I do?" As this faculfy member indicated, the rigid course outlines are not updated regularly, as the tenure-track faculty do not have time—and these old, rigid course outlines may not serve students well. Further, NTTF cannot capitalize on their own expertise.
This devaluing of NTTF leads to them being actively disenfran- chised, whieh affects their opportunify to perform. They are provided none of the equipment, materials, relationships, information, or admin- istrative, technical, or clerieal support needed to perform their positions. As second-class citizens, almost all NTTF described how at times their requests for support were not met, and students ended up suffering. For example, NTTF made requests for books, supplies, their Blackboard site—an online teaching platform—being copied for next term, or cop- ies of assignments for courses, and staff were often actively hostile to NTTF and made their priorities the lowest. Staff responded to NTTF requests only after all other work was completed, and this often meant it was done very late or perhaps not at all. As one NTTF noted: "When you are at the bottom of the priorify list and staff say they can only do so much, then your work never gets done. The chair has told them that anything for NTTF is not a priority, does not matter." Another faculfy member presented another example:
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty 167
I requested that my Blackboard courses be moved over from last semester to the next semester as well and they just did not get to it until after class started. So thefirstcouple sessions students could not access resources. I wish I could say this has happened once, but it happens almost every semester and to all the adjuncts, not just me. It hardly ever happens to tenure-track faculty.
Faculty commented how the lack of support by the chair and staff had created a host of problems in their teaching—technology not being available for students at the beginning of the term (Blackboard), books not available for students, student evaluations being lost so they did not receive feedback and could not change courses, rooms never being as- signed for courses so they ended up with a poor room for their course purposes, lab equipment not being available for course activities, miss- ing art supplies that were necessary for activities, and the list goes on.
Another policy that NTTF perceived as significantly affecting their performance was the late scheduling or approach to scheduling courses. A faculty member described this very problematic issue:
And even those of us that are more ongoing (teaching every term) often don't know about our courses until a few days before class. Over the years I've been called in my car as I'm driving to campus for thefirstday tofindout that my classes have been changed, and I'm literally taking White-out and trying to make changes as I waUc in.
Also, part-timers described how chairs knew they taught at other institu- tions but were unwilling to take into account the scheduling at multiple institutions:
At one institution I am at, they always contact me ahead of time and ask what times I have available, what I want to teach, and I can make sure to have plenty of time between classes for commuting. But in this department, I get no such courtesy—instead, I get a call a few days before courses and get told courses I can teach and often the commute times are close, so I might be late, but if I do not take it when offered, they never oft'er me that course again.
The uncollaborative and late scheduling resulted in exhausted faculty who risked being late for class and sometimes less prepared than they hoped.
In summary, the overall connection between the destructive culture and student learning is that it dampened NTTF's willingness to work and limited their contribution to the overall learning environment. NTTF expressed much less willingness to put in extra work to prepare
￼168 The Journal of Higher Education
for courses, to talk to students outside hours paid, or to learn informa- tion that might help them in advising students. Their capacity to per- form was highly constrained, as they were forced into rigid syllabi, of- fered no orientation or information to support their teaching, and ex- cluded from professional development. They lacked the basic supports of materials, information, collégial interactions, preparation time, and resources to create a quality learning environment.*
Neutral Culture
Values and Norms that Affect Willingness to Perform. In the neutral culture, NTTF are typically not actively disrespected as they are in the destructive culture; rather, they are mostly ignored. While they are often not invited to meetings or acknowledged in the hallways by other faculty, they are likely not spoken of in disdain or disrespect nor are they controlled. For the other faculty, they simply are not there—so they would not think about inviting their input on curriculum, provid- ing sample syllabi and materials to help with teaching, offer mentorship or orientation, play a role in the department, or provide information on policy changes. The chair typically does not create a hostile relation- ship between staff and NTTF, as happens in the destructive culture, but the chair often does not think about providing a decent office, courses scheduled ahead of time, orientation, clerical support, access to depart- mental materials, feedback on performance (even though the chair col- lects student evaluations), or professional development and other cam- pus resources. It is merely an oversight that these basic items for faculty success are not provided.
In the neutral department, faculty are not likely seen as a negative as they are in the destructive department, but if they are perceived as having needs or pushing for any support, they may not be asked back to teach. So departmental culture reinforces their invisibility and eradi- cates possibility for any support. NTTF reported that they would never express their concerns for fear of not receiving courses the next term. As one NTTF noted: "I just would not complain about the last-minute scheduling as if you do, you are seen as a burden then they just do not call back. It is best to be quiet, do not expect anything—that is what the chair and faculty want. I have seen others who tried to speak up just not get invited back. They want us invisible." Chairs are likely not actively trying to schedule fewer courses to avoid giving faculty benefits (as happens in the destructive culture); yet they are often not familiar with campus policies, and so would not inform NTTF of campus-wide ori- entation or a center for teaching and learning that might be a resource. One NTTF described her frustration with being invisible:
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty 169
There's another thing that really drives me crazy, and that's when they send a message out, they list all the tenure-track faculty and then all the lecturers are listed as faculty with no real name. It makes you feel just so anonymous and lacking in any identity. Why can't my name be put on the list? Why am I an underscore?
While NTTF in the neutral culture felt more freedom and less looked down upon than in the destmctive culture, the invisibility and lack of any relationships and support also often shaped their willingness to perform:
In the end, no one here is willing to speak to me. Finding out basic informa- tion so I can be successful is just too hard, so I am not going to put in any extra effort. I will teach my course to the minimum amount required, and their standards (departmental) are low and that is it. Sure, I could offer advice to their coursework that sorely needs practical examples and more recent understanding of law. I did that and exploited myself for a while.
This type of culture was by far the most prevalent with thirteen of twenty-five departments characterized by this culture.
Sample Policies and Practices that Impact Capacity and Opportunity to Perform. Many of the policies and practices that hamper NTTF in the destmctive culture are also present in the neutral culture: unsystematic and last-minute hiring, tumover of faculty based on pay and minimal benefits leading to no consistency of teachers for students, lack of com- munication of needed information and professional development, a lack of orientation and mentoring, and inconsistent support from departmen- tal staff and chair, for example. I highlight a few of these policies, dif- ferent ones than focused on in the destructive culture. Also, there are some positive policies and practices in place that are reviewed at the end of this section.
A significant policy that shaped NTTF's capacity to perform was availability and inclusion within professional development. NTTF often had some of the most challenging teaching situations—large courses, introductory courses, non-major eourses, teaching online or with new technologies—and had to meet these challenges without any training or teaching assistants. As one NTTF noted: "I'm not encouraged to partici- pate in any professional development in the department. I know there's lots going on campus wide, but I've never participated in it because the notices say that it's exclusively for the tenure-track. I just do not under- stand that, how am I supposed to teach these online courses well when they offer us no support?"
￼170 The Journal of Higher Fducation
An issue related to opportunity to perform is office space. While NTTF in the destructive culture were often given no office, in the neu- tral department many NTTFs described being given an office that was constantly changing and distant from the department, making it a prob- lematic place to work:
The switching [of offices] constantly is really difficult, and I never have the same desk, computer, drawer, or even shelf And often the computer does not work well. And of course there are always 4-5 to an office so it might be crowded and a student wants to have a personal conversation with me. My office is far from where I teach and the department, so it is not conve- nient. Also, I've never had a locked drawer so I constantly roll my entire life around. So, I meet with the students outside my car where I keep my files.
This faculty member, like many others, did not have a work space that allowed her to advise students in a professional way, and she lacked space to store student advising information.
Another issue that shaped opportunity to perform was the poor or lack of communication about departmental policies that impacted NTTF's courses and ability to advise students:
We are excludedfi-omattending departmental meetings, but that is where the decisions are made. It is assumed to trickle down through gossip and hearsay. There are no formal ways to get out information such as distributing minutes from meetings. So, a policy got changed about material in the 101 class and I teach 102, but I never found out so I was teaching information they had already received in the course before.
This faculty noted a common problem in the lack of communication, which was NTTF missing information on policy changes that influenced their course material, goals, assignments, and texts.
In the destructive department, typically there was no evaluation pro- cesses in place to provide ongoing feedback, just occasional scrutiny of NTTF and active response to any complaints or feedback regarding poor NTTF performance. In the neutral culture, faculty had more au- tonomy—sometimes too much—and were generally provided no feed- back. In some neutral departments, they did have an evaluation process, but it was not aimed at development or growth: "In my department it is
just a joke and sort of a formality. So, we do the observation but it's not really intended to help a faculty member develop but just a bureaucratic process to check a box off on the form. The institution requires it, but our department doesn't do it the way it is intended." Thus, this practice
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Eaculty 171
ended up taking time and energy but did not serve the purpose of help- ing NTTF to be better instructors.
However, there were some more supportive policies in plaee that made the neutral culture more facilitative of student learning than the destruetive culture. Faculfy were fypieally provided the basic materials, equipment, and supplies to be successful and faeilitate student learning, as one NTTF noted:
We also can get whatever we need purchased very easily for our labs, and I know in another departtnent that's also a challenge. The lab equipment stock- room is well staffed and supportive of our teaching environment. While I have a shared office space, I've always had a workable office space, a printer, and computer and phone and any software program I need. That part helps with my teaching.
NTTF also mentioned that requests for copies, materials, or information about grading, registration, drop dates, and the like were mueh easier to obtain than in the destructive culture, making it easier from them to perform their role. Non-tenure-track faculty also appreciated sample materials that were stocked by the departmental office: "We do get sam- ple syllabi for eertain courses. So there's an introduetion to chemistry course, and this faeulfy member designs the syllabus and picks out a textbook and he gathers us occasionally to talk through the eourse and make sure that were all on the same page about how it's being taught." There was great unevenness in the neutral departments about support, but occasionally a process like sample syllabi noted in the quote above occurred and provided NTTF with guidance, coUegialify, and feedback on teaching.
Most neutral cultures often did not support academic freedom when it came to teaching and input on curriculum and textbooks, and that was one of the major areas that they felt affected their opportunify to per- form: "I think it's ridiculous that we're not involved in the curriculum development and textbook selection. We teaeh all the courses and have no input and this is just ridiculous." Non-tenure-track faculfy noted that autonomy in teaching and input into curriculum discussions and text- books choices were areas that significantly impacted their opportunity to teach: "I can only teaeh well when I build my own assignments, pull in readings that I think are most relevant. Certainly suggestions are helpful, but building on my strengths is what ereates the best course." In summary, the neutral culture deadened willingness to contribute (al- though less than the destructive) and limited capacify to work in ways quite similar to the destructive culture. Yet, neutral cultures provided
￼172 The Journal of Higher Education
some basic materials, equipment, information, and sample materials that allowed NTTF a slightly better opportunity to perform and potentially enhance the student learning environment.
Inclusive Culture
Values and Norms that Affect Willingness to Perform. Non-tenure- track faculty enjoyed their experience in the inclusive culture, even if they were still inequitably paid, received minimal benefits, and, as they noted, were "still generally exploited." In the inclusive culture, they were likely to be respected and treated as colleagues. This respect trans- lated into being invited to all meetings and events and actively being brought into governance, including curricular decisions. Not only were NTTF brought into departmental governance, but they were also more likely to be encouraged to participate in campus-wide service. Inter- viewees described the relationships with tenure-track faculty often as equal and positive. They were more likely to consider departmental staff helpful and courteous and chairs as generally open to speak with NTTF. As a result of the respect felt toward NTTF, they were typically listed in departmental materials; often their pictures were on the walls. Their role was considered a profession, and the chair usually tried to make all aspects of being a professional available: professional development, promotion opportunities, autonomy in teaching, and opportunity to play a leadership role. The chair made it a point to try to improve salaries to market rate, to schedule enough courses so that NTTF could receive benefits, and to collaboratively schedule part-timers with enough ad- vanced notice so they could sync with other campuses. Department chairs often saw their role as facilitating the professional growth of NTTF, and one NTTF described the practice of her chair communicat- ing regularly: "We also get a lot of information over e-mail from the chair. Our new chair does Twitter and social media and really tries to communicate quite a bit. This is really helpful for lecturers who may not be on eampus as much." One NTTF talked about the support within in- clusive departments: "Departmental listings include all faculty, and our pictures are on the wall of the school. They make the lecturers feel wel- come. Lecturers are invited and encouraged to come to meetings. They help create the courses. Scheduling is done way ahead of time. People who come are welcomed, and people are thanked for their efforts."
These values of respect and inclusion typically translated into a greater willingness to go above and beyond what they were paid to do: "Because I feel valued, respected, part of the team—I have been willing to serve on committees even though I am not paid to have input on the curriculum. Also, on my own personal time I participate in discussions
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty 173
with other faculty about courses over lunch and of course that all helps enhance the teaching and learning experience—of the department and my own courses." Perhaps the most significant contribution of the in- clusive culture is its impact on willingness to work and going the extra mile for students. There were six departments that reflected the inclu- sive culture on the three campuses.
Sample Policies and Practices that Impact Capacity and Opportunity to Perform. As a result of the respect for NTTF, the negative policies and practices that detract from their performance were largely missing, but that does not mean there was significant support for them as teachers. However, there was more support for their capacity to perform. For ex- ample, in inclusive departments, there was less turnover because faculty liked being in the department, so hiring happened less often—allow- ing the chair to have more time and intentionality for the hiring process and orient the new NTTF to become acclimated. As one NTTF noted: "We have only had a few searches in recent years, so the chair has put an effort into getting our input into what we really need, and we have hired some really strong NTTF that are serving students' interests better and are a strong fit for the courses they teach." Another faculty member commented on how the inclusive atmosphere and lack of turnover sup- ports student learning: "We just do not get the turnover that you see in other departments, people like being here. That helps students out as they have much more consistent faces, greater chance to have an in- structor twice, to get to know their faculty, to have some one write a recommendation."
In terms of opportunity to perform, like the faculty in the neutral culture, NTTF in the inclusive culture were more likely to have a very basic shared office, reasonably working computers and phones, and sup- plies for labs, arts courses, and studios to perform their work. But few other changes were made in practices with the exception of chair, staff, and tenure-track faculty being responsive to needs and input. In the in- clusive culture, all of the support for opportunity to perfoiTn relates to people and colleagues; they have not addressed policies and practices— a characteristic of the learning culture. Instead, they tend to depend on good relationships to fuel a positive learning environment. One NTTF commented on how the chair's responsiveness has helped her ability to perform:
I had concerns about the course, and I wanted to change direction. At other institutions, I just would have taught the course as I was told to, even if I thought it was the wrong way. But here, I brought up concerns related to the assignments and the need to change readings with the chair. I don't fear any
￼174 The Journal of Higher Education
retribution. You can raise problems—there is just a general openness and helpfulness and that makes the leaming better because people can bring up problems and improve things.
In terms of staff being responsive, another NTTF commented:
The administrative staff here make copies for you, provide sample syllabi, assignments and exams that might help us to be successful in teaching. They really go out of their way to make sure you know that they are there to make you successful. Also, they are very proactive and not reactive, they connect you with people and get you materials, they do not wait for you to ask.
And lastly, NTTF noted how the tenure-track faculty provided support:
I know that the other faculty's doors are always open and if I want to go to them to talk about teaching or departmental issues they would be more than fine. In the past 1 have talked to some of the faculty about how to approach teaching a certain issue in a course and they've been very friendly and open.
In summary, the inclusive culture significantly increases the willing- ness of faculty to perform and has advantages in terms of capacity to perform related to better hiring, less tumover, and some professional de- velopment for faculty, but it is relatively the same as the neutral culture in terms of opportunity to perform. Non-tenure-track faculty in the in- elusive eulture can depend on positive relationships with the chair, staff, and tenure-traek faculty to support their teaching. Also there are some basic elements in place (office, materials), but mentoring, consistent orientation, involvement in curriculum, consistent faculty interactions, evaluation, and broader involvement in the campus—from leadership to professional development to service—are lacking. Thus, faculty remain constrained in this culture in terms of their opportunity to perform and partially their capacity to perform.
Learning Culture
Values and Norms that Affect Willingness to Perform. While the leam- ing culture shared some characteristics of the inclusive culture, it was quite different in terms of overall values and particularly with polieies and practices put into place. Like the inclusive culture, the leaming cul- ture was also characterized by mutual respect and inclusion and as one NTTF noted: "Everyone calls each other by their names here, and we don't refer to Dr. So-and-So. So distinctions are really played down." The learning culture looked similar to the inclusive eulture in terms of
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty 175
the participation in meetings and governance, the attention paid to mak- ing sure that NTTF were reflected in departmental newsletters and an- nouncements, and the care by which the chair and departmental staff at- tempted to meet the needs and create support for NTTF. And much like the inclusive culture, faculty in the learning departments demonstrated a strong willingness to advise students, even if it was not a part of their formal role, were willing to conduct unpaid office hours, went out of their way to build connections and networks to support their teaching and advising, and took the time to meet with other faculty colleagues in order to enhance their teaching performance.
The major difference in values appears to be that faculty, chairs, and staff in the learning culture typically thought about support for NTTF, not just as an issue of equity but rather tied the support to a commit- ment to students and the goals of the institution around learning. While they cared about NTTF identity and sense of self, they were focused on their role within the institution as a teaching professional. In the words of one NTTF: "There are lots of people who thought changes need to be made because NTTF were disenfranchised, but there were also many vocal faculty talking about how we need to support NTTF as teachers who shape the learning for students. The more that was em- phasized, the more we began to dig into other needed policy changes." An example of policy change was faculty and chairs fighting for pay for NTTF to participate more fully in the learning processes of the institution in service, curriculum, or office hours. Learning cultures usually had a host of very different policies and practices from the in- clusive culture, including professional development, systematic evalu- ation and feedback, availability of orientation and mentoring, faculty teaching the same courses sharing offices, ongoing interactions with colleagues, and ability to have substantial impact on the curriculum. It is important to note that the learning culture was the only one that sup- ported NTTF across willingness, capacity, and opportunity to perform. Only three departments were perceived to have this culture within the sample.
Sample Policies and Practices that Impact Capacity and Opportunity to Perform. While there were strong similarities between the values and norms of the inclusive and learning cultures, they departed in similar- ity in terms of policies and practices related to capacity and opportu- nity to perform. The two important ways that the learning culture bet- ter supported capacity to work related to professional development and advising knowledge. Often chairs and tenure-track faculty colleagues recognized that professional development around teaching, while very important, would not be sufficient for NTTF. NTTF needed to be cur-
￼176 The Journal of Higher Education
rent with the evolving knowledge bases in their areas of study as well as intelleetually engaged enough to make the work exciting and stimulat- ing for students':
We recognize that from time to time lecturers need to go to their disciplinary conference or attend a special event that relates to their teaching area—but the content not the process. There is just too much emphasis on process only and to be a good teacher you have to keep up on content and the chair recog- nizes that. While we can't afford to send lecturers all the time, he [the chair] makes sure that every two or three years they have such an opportunity.
Learning cultures also supported another critical area, by providing the requisite knowledge for NTTF to perform an advising role. In the learning culture, chairs were more likely to ereate a mechanism for pro- viding this information, so that lecturers felt confident and had accurate information. A few departments had created formal training programs around advising, and others had a more informal approach where the chair would meet with NTTF at the beginning of the year to discuss is- sues such as advising policies, the nature of the student body, and eam- pus resources. One NTTF described the importanee of knowledge about advising to improving her eapacity to perform:
Understanding these are commuter students that arefirst-generationand they may have some additional hurdles was really important for me to teaching appropriately. That is very different from where I went to school. So, had I not been told, my first few semesters would have been really difficult. I cre- ate learning communities in my class and will ask them to turn to the other people the first day of the course and create study buddies. That was a tip from the chair.
In terms of opportunity to perform, the learning eulture did not just provide the basics of office, equipment, and supplies, but it also typi- cally provided these materials in ways to better support learning. Within the learning eulture, the ehair recognized that it is not enough to provide an office but that NTTF should be housed with faculty who teach simi- lar courses so that they can have professional dialogue:
Every time I go in the office, I get in a discussion with my office mate about our courses, and both of us have made improvements because of our con- versations. Because we teach a similar area, we can stock up a bookcase with shared resources that we loan out to students and if one of us is not in then we can advise the other faculty's students. Talk about improving student leaming!
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty 177
Within the learning culture, there was often recognition that each small decision could have a significant impact on learning. Chairs not only intentionally housed faculty but also scheduled courses far in ad- vanee so that NTTF had appropriate time to prepare for courses, helping consolidate part-time teachers so that they could teach at as few places as possible and not be impacted by eommuting.
The faculty considered orientation and mentoring essential and were consistently offered these resources within the learning department. Within the orientation, they were given sample syllabi, assignments, and materials; provided departmental learning goals and objectives; pro- vided standards about grading; and given other essential materials to create a quality learning environment. In one department that offered orientation, they described how it helped improve faculty performance:
The chair meets with lecturers when they are hired and supplements the over- all university orientation with some specifics about how the department is run. Lecturers learn all the basic policies, get sample materials, and get in- troduced to people on staff—tech, support people, clerical—who can help you. One important part of this orientation is that lecturers are connected with a tenure-track faculty member or lecturer veteran who meets with you while you teach the first quarter and helps get you on your feet. When we have money we've actually had these courses team-taught. We have noticed this improved student evaluations of new instructors that has been a really important change.
There was a very strong emphasis on collégial discussion as impor- tant for everyone understanding the learning goals and improving the quality of courses. One NTTF talked about how discussion is fostered through the department chair: "The department chair really sets the tone for the fact that we should be discussing our courses and we should be meeting several times a semester. So everyone who's teaching the intro- ductory calculus class sits down every once in a while to talk about our courses."
Within the learning culture, NTTF were actively included in curricu- lum discussions and they developed an awareness of the overall learn- ing goals, sequence of courses, alignment of classes, and teaching ex- pectations that were introduced at orientation and were reinforced:
I think it does make a difference that we [both tenure-track and non-tenure- track faculty] have created learning goals and participated in the process. If you are not part of process, it is harder to understand and incorporate into your courses. The learning objectives on our syllabus are real and shared.
￼178 The Journal of Higher Education
In addition to the broader discussions about departmental learning goals and courses, NTTF were fypically provided the freedom to choose their own textbooks and assignments and draw on their expertise for courses. Beeause they had been a part of broader curriculum discussions, there was greater possibilify that the autonomy would not lead to a stand- alone, fragmented course but would be integrated into a broader seheme of leaming that drew on the faculty member's expertise.
Part of making sure that leaming objectives are met is having evalu- ation processes in place to provide feedback to faculfy. Within leaming departments, evaluation proeesses tended to be systematic and aimed at development (and not used punitively). Departments used multiple fypes of evaluation, ineluding portfolios, peer observation, and student evaluations:
Evaluation in this department differs from other institutions I teach at. Fac- ulty in this department see evaluation as part of a mentoring and professional development system. So, I do not feel it is used to penalize or catch me doing something wrong but to help me be a better teacher. Other places I teach it is merely a process to weed out exceptionally bad teachers, which is not a bad thing, but it is not enough.
In summary, the learning culture supports all three areas: willingness, capacify, and opportunify to work.
Discussion and Implications
This study examined departmental eulture (and resultant policies and practices) and its perceived influence on willingness, capability, and opportunity for NTTF to perform as teachers and explored the linkage to their ability to create a quality teaching and leaming environment. Non-tenure-track faculfy described how departmental cultures shaped their willingness to perform to the best of their abilifies and the degree to which they would do work above and beyond what is required. The destmctive and neutral cultures (the most prevalent being the neutral culture) affeeted the amount of eommitment of NTTF. Certainly there is an element of complexify to this issue, as the inclusive and leaming cultures led faculfy to do work for which they are not paid and could be seen as an exploitative pracfice. Perhaps NTTF should not be as willing as they are to put in the extra effort that is described within the inclusive and leaming cultures. The study merely points out that different eul- tures create different levels of willingness. One overarching eomment is that NTTF demonstrated a strong professionalism and willingness to do
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty 179
their best even when not treated as professionals and when constrained in their capacity and opportunity to work by negative cultures.
The destructive and neutral cultures were strongly perceived to im- pact the capacity of NTTF—as they may be hired into courses they are not capable of teaching, they may be hired last minute and given im- proper time to prepare, and they are usually provided no professional development or information to properly teach courses. These same cultures make the opportunity to perform extremely difficult by actu- ally having negative and harmful practices that make high performance nearly impossible: last-minute scheduling of courses, classes that over- lap too tightly in time between campuses, and faculty lacking basic materials, equipment, and supplies. In addition, they are missing any supports such as sample materials, orientation, mentoring, and evalua- tion. It is important to highlight that the destructive and neutral cultures require the undoing of negative policies and practices, not just the ad- dition of supportive policies and practices for NTTF. Often reports and recommendations nationally only speak to the inclusion of new policies to support NTTF, but negative practices also need to be dismantled.
One the major findings of the study is that an inclusive culture does not necessarily support student learning. Instead an inclusive depart- ment is supportive of the identity of NTTF members and does increase their willingness to perform, but that does not mean that they have the conditions in place to actually increase their performance. Feelings of respect for NTTF do not always translate into an understanding of how to help them in creating a positive learning environment for stu- dents. Although the inclusive culture provides more capacity to perform through intentional hiring and orientation and is missing negative poli- cies that shape opportunity to perform, it is still lacking supports needed for better performance. While inclusion is an important goal towards willingness to work, positive policies, such as mentoring, need to be put in place to support quality performance. Therefore, respecting non- tenure-track faculty is important, but unless leaders more systematically examine the environments to see the ways they do and do not support capacity and opportunity to perform, the department can still constrain performance. Again, national reports often aim at broad notions of in- clusion but do not recommend policies and practices specifically aimed
at improving student learning.
Another outcome of the study is an appreciation of the range of de-
partmental cultures that currently exist on college campuses while, at the same time, the prevalence of a neutral culture for NTTF. The im- plication of this finding (trend for faculty to be in departments that maintain a neutral culture) is that it is likely that faculty performance is
￼180 The Journal of Higher Education
severely constrained and that we are missing the opportunity for much stronger performance because existing departmental cultures consist of harmful policies and practices that negatively affect teacher perfor- mance. The identification of the learning culture is also a helpful finding in that it provides a model for campuses to strive for that want to im- prove NTTF performance and increase student learning.
A third outcome or finding of this study is identification of a host of policies and practices that appear to shape willingness, capacity, and opportunity to perform and are characteristics of the learning culture. While previous research had suggested some areas that may be impor- tant to performance—such as orientation, professional development, and intentional hiring practices—the study uncovered a series of de- partmental policies that have not been examined in prior studies. These policies and practices include scheduling courses, knowledge about ad- vising role, mentoring, chair and staff response to requests and needs, sample syllabi, and input into curriculum and textbooks—all of which appear to shape performance. It is hoped that Appendix C can be used as a template for institutional leaders to evaluate departmental cultures, as represented in their policies and practices. It is also important to note the significance of the department chair in shaping departmental cultures. Faculty repeatedly described how chairs created and enacted policies, how they shaped norms around practices, and how tenure-track faculty often followed their lead. Clearly department chair training is needed; the study demonstrated how chair choices are impacting the quality of education.
It is noteworthy that departmental trends were not found (e.g., En- glish or math being more likely to have destructive cultures versus so- ciology or physics having more learning cultures), and the prototypes appear to occur across departments.* Yet differences were found by con- tract type. Part-time faculty experienced the harshest aspects of the neg- ative cultures and could not shield themselves the way some long-time, full-time NTTF were able to, by becoming as autonomous and isolated as possible or by creating connections to tenure-track faculty who might protect them from the harshest policies that impeded their performance. Both groups, though, experienced similar struggles in willingness, ca- pacity, and opportunity to perform, the degrees of severity being just slightly different.
One limitation of this study is that it is based on perceptions rather than actual measures of teaching performance or student outcomes, as institutions are hesitant to share this information. While institutions may be unwilling to share data publically, they may be willing to conduct self-analysis in order to identify whether and how their departmental
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Faculty 181
cultures are impacting NTTF performance and the teaching and learn- ing among students. This line of future research is important for insti- tutional researchers, and the various categories identified through this qualitative and inductive study provide a set of measures for institu- tional researchers to develop such studies. In closing, it is hoped that this article helps in reshaping the academy to better support faculty and student leaming by identifying a major area potentially shaping the willingness, capacity, and opportunity for faculty to perform.
Notes
• It should be noted that four year institutions—like Masters I—are relying heavily on NTTF with close to 40% of faculty nationally being NTTF within this sector, likely higher now given budget problems (Schuster & Finkelstein, 2006). For example, data from the California State University system (all four-year Carnegie) reflect an average of 50% of the faculty as NTTF.
- Based on earlier research on a much larger sample of institutions (Kezar & Sam, 2013), I knew that these three institutions had made some changes at the institutional level for NTTF—for example, adding in professional development, creating multiyear contracts, and allowing NTTF to participate in govemance campus wide.
^ It is important to note that while faculty in the study focused their discussion on these three institutions, they taught at many other institutions, as is typical of NTTF— commenting on 10 private four-year colleges, 4 technical colleges, 16 community col- leges, and 8 other four-year Masters 1 institutions. Isolating a pure departmental and institutional experience is difficult for this group of faculty.
'' In a few instances, I had fewer than four individuals that volunteered for the study, but I chose to keep a few departments—as they were small ones with interesting data.
' An important caveat is that cultures are not static; some of these have changed over time, but I am focusing on the most recent culture.
* As a reminder, only a sample of policies is presented in each section. Please review Appendix C to see the full array of relevant policies and practices for each culture.
' This was most important in traditional liberal arts fields and the sciences but also relevant in some professional/vocational areas. Some faculty worked in the professions they taught and kept up-to-date that way, so professional development in terms of con- ferences might be less relevant in some of these departments.
' This finding about lack of difference by discipline/department is counter to earlier work by Gappa and Leslie (1993) in which they found departmental and disciplinary differences. Departments that had a greater need for NTTF in teaching—to bring prac- tical expertise (education) or longer histories hiring NTTF (the arts) were found to be more welcoming environments. Yet, these three institutions had a fairly egalitarian ethic and little sense of hierarchy among departments. In institutions with more hierarchy between departments, for example research universities, there may be more patterns re- lated to department.
References
American Federation of Teachers. (2010). American academic: A national survey of part- time/adjunctfaculty. Washington, DC: Author.
￼182 The Journal of Higher Education
Austin, A. (1990). Faculty cultures, faculty values. New Directions for Institutional Re- search, 168, 61-74.
Baldwin, R. G., & Chronister, J. L. (2001 ). Teaching without tenure. Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Baldwin, R., & Mywrwinski, M. (2011). Contingent faculty as teachers: What we know; what we need to know. American Behavioral Scientist, 55(11), 1520-1542.
Benjamin, E. (Ed.). (2003). Exploring the role of non-tenure track instructional staff in undergraduate learning. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.
Biglan, A. (1973). Relationships hetween subject matter characteristics and structure and output of university departments. Journal of Applied Psychology, 57, 204-213.
Bland,C, Center,B.A.,Finstad,D.A.,Risbey,K..R.,&Staples,J.(2006).Theimpactof appointment tj^je on the productivity and commitment of full-time faculty in research and doctoral institutions. The Journal of Higher Education, 77(1), 89-121.
Blumberg, M., & Pringle, C. (1982). The missing opportunity in organizational research: Some implications for a theory of work performance. Academy of Management Review, 7(4), 560-569.
Bogdan, R., & Biklen, S. K. (2003). Qualitative researchfor education: An introduction to theories and methods (4"' ed.). New York: Pearson Educational Press.
Creswell, J. (2007). Choosing among the five traditions. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage. Cross, J. G., & Goldenberg, E. N. (2009). Off-track profs: Non-tenured teachers in higher
education. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.
Crotty, M. (2001). The foundations of social research: Meaning and perspective in the
research process. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.
Eagan, M. K., & Jaeger, A. J. (2009). Effects of exposure to part-time faculty on commu-
nity college transfer. Research in Higher Education, 50, 168-188.
Ehrenberg, R. G., & Zhang, L. (2005). Do tenured and tenure-track faculty matter? The
Journal of Human Resources, 40(3), 647-659.
Gappa, J., Austin, A., & Trice, A. (2007). Rethinking faculty work: Higher education's
strategic imperative. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.
Gappa, J. M., & Leslie, D. W. (1993). The invisiblefaculty: Improving the status of part-
timers in higher education. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.
Hollenshead C, Waltman, J., August, L., Miller, J., Smith, G., & Bell, A. (2007). Making the best of both worlds: Findingsfrom a national institution-level survey on NTTF. Ann Arbor, MI: Center for the Education of Women.
Jacoby, D. (2006). Effects of part-time faculty employment on community college gradu- ation rates. The Journal of Higher Education, 77(6), 1081-1102.
Jaeger, A., & Eagan, M. K. (2009). Unintended consequences: Examining the effect of part-time faculty members on associate's degree completion. Community College Re- view, 36, 167-194.
Lee, J. J. (2004). Comparing institutional relationships with academic departments: A study of five academic fields. Research in Higher Education, 45(6), 603-624.
Kezar, A., & Sam, C. (2013). Institutionalizing equitable policies and practices for contin- gent faculty. The Journal of Higher Education, 84(\), 56-87.
￼Departmental Cultures and Non-Tenure-Track Eaculty 183
Marcoulides, G., & Heck, R. (1993). Organizational culture and performance: Proposing and testing a model. Organization science, 4(2), 209-231.
Martin, J. (1993). Culture in organizations: Three perspectives. Oxford: Oxford Press.
O'Meara, K., Terosky, A., & Neumann, A. (2008). Faculty careers and work lives: A pro- fessional growth perspective. ASHE Higher Education Report. San Francisco: Jossey
Bass.
Schuster, J. H., & Finkelstein, M. J. (2006). American faculty: The restructuring of aca-
demic work and careers. Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Spradley, J. (1979). Ethnographic interview. New York: Harcourt Press.
Stake, R. (1997). The art of case study Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.
Tiemey, W. (1988). Organizational culture in higher education organizations: Defining the essentials. The Journal of Higher Education, 59(1), 2-21.
Trowler, P. (2008). Cultures and change in higher education. London: Palgrave Macmil- lan.
￼3
t/5
U
5
o •g
[-
_Z2 2^=
O
I
e -a
I
iPS
I
•"=32 o a •a
Z 2-! S o dû
Sz
g.
¿II
a 25
•= 2
3 g.2 I
cl
U
T3 O
H
￼Cd TM Q.
ac
u~i cd
I TI g I •|52ï
ID
il II
Tl
-¿Y Se -¿¿
2 — P cd 2 cd
!"
Q -3 3
UXQ
?! -^
'S .-^
cd
i oI
0 "3 Q U
(N ^-
B
•ç
id
D. ft Bu z
•5
0
ZS
<N Z
2I
ëi
Il B^S1I T J. -H Z -S J. ^
ëe
Si 3
Z
2= 'g= "2ÍN CC^
g ^ g _L g a l-a§<21= z Ci- z C- z -i
-I II
2= 5= 2 Ci- Q a
1 Q a.
11 .P 3 ,P
01 1M—
t;
aa<: 1 X
5
ca
aS
15 Cd
g
OH
o — — —I
N_eÎN.1 U "C
3
0
.—1
"cd
XI • __
oa û- -= -= — "c
d
.S g
-s
>> 3
CJ
0
Z
T
0)
> en 0
Pro . Field: í
Pro ssional. Field: J pa:
Tot Depari
Destruc ve; l,eamin
Tot in Eaeh Area: Inc lu:
Itur Destni
Tot by Disicipline nit s tri
part
[EUOISS
￼C
X
3 <
ill
u
is
￼•s a
KJ 5
a
g. s
cc
<ij •Se
o o. Ö O
Cl.
a. cd -ocu
O S"
rtu
, mal;eri
￼X
e& zs wË a. p
0. §
<VI
•-3 a s
Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.






TITLE: Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6


￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Gregory C. Wolniak Matthew J. Mayhew Mark E. Engberg
Learning’s Weak Link to Persistence
As the nation becomes increasingly focused on improving college completion rates, policy makers, practitioners, and scholars are calling for renewed efforts to help students succeed (e.g., Lumina Foundation, 2009). The current administration points to regaining “lost ground” in our nation’s goal to lead the world in producing college graduates who are prepared for the challenges of the twenty-first century economy, and President Obama has outlined a plan for achieving student success through strengthening the education pipeline (Obama, 2009; The White House, n.d.). Central to this plan is the promotion of postsecondary ac- cess and opportunity, as well as the improvement of persistence and completion rates. College student persistence, in particular, is a neces- sary condition for social mobility, bridging access and attainment (e.g., Haveman & Smeeding, 2006). Once enrolled in college, understanding factors associated with student persistence is critical to strengthening the educational pipeline and achieving the broad economic and social goals fundamental to American society. The extent to which persis- tence and other measures of student success translate to a more effec-
Data resources for this study were provided by the Center of Inquiry in the Liberal Arts, Wabash College, Crawfordsville, IN. The views contained herein are only those of the contributing authors.
Gregory C. Wolniak is a Senior Research Scientist in Education and Child Develop- ment, NORC at the University of Chicago. Matthew J. Mayhew is an Associate Professor of Higher Education at New York University. Mark E. Engberg is an Assistant Professor of Higher Education at Loyola University Chicago.
The Journal of Higher Education, vol. 83, No. 6 (November/December) Copyright © 2012 by The Ohio State University
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼796 The Journal of Higher Education
tive workforce or a productive citizenry depends on the kinds of learn- ing students experience while in college, though even the impact of a college education on student learning has been questioned by recently published evidence (Arum & Roksa, 2011; Pascarella, Blaich, Martin, & Hanson, 2011).
Past attempts to broadly understand college student success as it re- lates to persistence vary, including human capital theorists interested in ascribing value to a higher education degree as a determinant of future economic performance (e.g., Cohn & Geske, 1990; Paulsen & Smart, 2001; Perna, 2003), policy makers concerned with educational oppor- tunities and workforce development (e.g., Clotfelter, Ehrenberg, Getz, & Siegfried, 1991; Ehrenberg, Jakubsen, Groen, So, & Price, 2007; St. John, 2006), and enrollment managers charged with predicting enroll- ment patterns from year to year (Hossler, 2000; Hossler & Bean, 1990). Notably absent from any of these approaches, however, is a recognition of student learning and its relationship to persistence.
The purpose of this study is to advance our understanding of the re- lationship between student learning and college persistence. Data were collected in 2006–07 as part of the Wabash National Study of Liberal Arts Education (WNSLAE), a multi-institutional, longitudinal project designed to support research on individual and environmental factors affecting student learning. These data contained theoretically validated assessments of learning in combination with information on a wide range of college experiences and enrollment indicators. The distinctive qualities of these data enabled us to evaluate current notions of student success in relation to broader skills and dispositions students may need to succeed in the twenty-first century (see Association of American Col- leges and Universities [AAC&U], 2007), and contribute new informa- tion to the dialogue concerning learning among today’s college students (Arum & Roksa, 2011; Pascarella et al., 2011). With this study, we pro- vide initial evidence linking student learning to persistence from the first to second year of college.
Theory and Evidence
Our understanding of student persistence is grounded in Tinto’s (1975) pioneering work, which held that students’ integration into the academic and social environment of an institution was an essential de- terminant of successful college completion. While researchers have criticized Tinto’s interactionalist approach to studying student retention, citing the lack of focus on institutional characteristics and relevancy for all racial/ethnic groups (Hurtado & Carter, 1997), many theoretical
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Learning and Persistence 797
advancements related to persistence were built upon Tinto’s initial premises. More recent developments, for instance, have explored persis- tence as a function of external exigencies (Bean, 1990; Weidman, 1989), college involvement (Astin, 1993; Berger & Milem, 1999; Milem & Berger, 1997), organizational characteristics (Berger & Milem, 2000), and college choice (Paulsen & St. John, 2002), while still maintaining the relevancy of social and academic integration (Reason, 2009). Con- sistent among these approaches was the idea that academic and social integration were essential components to understanding persistence. For this reason, the present study examines academic and social integration in two ways: as direct determinants of persistence and as potential mod- erators of the relationship between student learning and persistence.
Understanding student learning lies at the heart of this study. In a recent report, College Learning for the New Global Century, the Na- tional Leadership Council for Liberal Education and America’s Promise framed student learning as a series of “essential” (p. 3) conceptually dis- tinct but mutually reinforcing outcomes that collectively explained what students should learn as a result of going to college (AAC&U, 2007). Among the essential outcomes, “personal and social responsibility” was defined across four distinct learning dimensions: civic knowledge and engagement, intercultural knowledge and competence, commitment to lifelong learning, and ethical reasoning and action (p. 3). We used this four-part definition to guide the selection of four of the five dimensions of learning examined for this study: Socially Responsible Leadership (Tyree, 1998), Intercultural Effectiveness (fuertes, Miville, Mohr, Sed- lacek, & Gretchen, 2000; Miville et al., 1999), Inclination to Inquire and Lifelong Learning (Cacioppo & Petty, 1982), and Moral Reasoning (Rest, Narvaez, Bebeau, & Thomas, 1999).
The fifth learning dimension included content mastery (measured by grade point average), which we investigated due to its established link to persistence (Adelman, 1999; Cabrera, Nora, & Castaneda, 1993; Ca- brera, Nora, Terenzini, Pascarella, & Hagedorn, 1999; Nora & Cabrera, 1996; Pascarella & Terenzini, 2005). By examining these five learning dimensions, we provide empirical evidence linking learning to per- sistence, and answer Tinto’s (1975) theoretical call for more nuanced approaches to understanding the relationship between learning and persistence.
Predictors of Student Persistence
Several key areas inform our understanding of students’ likelihood of persisting after the first year of college. These areas consist of stu- dent demographics and socioeconomic status, precollege academics,
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼798 The Journal of Higher Education
college choice and financial aid, institutional characteristics, the role of academic and social integration, and college grades. Below, we briefly review the major findings from each of these key areas.
Given the long history of college impact research addressing student persistence, a number of student demographic and socioeconomic fac- tors have been uncovered, although the findings have not necessarily been consistent over time. Several studies, for instance, have demon- strated that students of color are associated with a stronger intent to re-enroll in college (Braxton, Bray, & Berger, 2000; Bray, Braxton, & Sullivan, 1999), whereas other studies have found either nonsignificant effects for race (Titus, 2006) or the presence of conditional effects for race based on socioeconomic considerations (Paulsen & St. John, 2002). Similar patterns have emerged in examining the effects of gender, with some studies finding females more likely to enroll (Braxton, Bray et al., 2000; Bray et al., 1999), others finding no statistical differences in persistence rates by gender (Leppel, 2002; Titus, 2006), and still others demonstrating that the effects of gender may be conditional on income levels or that factors related to persistence behave differently for men and women (Leppel, 2002; Paulsen & St. John, 2002). More consistent effects, however, have been reported in relation to family income (Brax- ton, Bray et al, 2000; Paulsen & St. John, 2002) and educational attain- ment (Ishitani & Desjardins, 2002).
Across most studies of college persistence, students’ precollege aca- demic performance is a consistent and salient factor of college success. Students’ performances on standardized tests, for instance, are gener- ally positive predictors of college persistence (Braxton, Bray et al., 2000; Bray et al., 1999; Cambiano, Denny, & Devore, 2000; Murtaugh, Burns, & Schuster, 1999; Reason, 2009), although some studies uncov- ered nonsignificant effects related to standardized test scores (Titus, 2006). Additionally, given the prominence of student involvement and institutional goal commitment in Tinto’s (1975) original model, it is im- portant to examine similar constructs at the high school level by captur- ing aspects of students’ involvement in high school activities and their educational aspirations. Examining the cocurricular experiences of high school students, for instance, mirrors the importance researchers have placed on college-based cocurricular involvement in understanding stu- dent persistence (Hoffman, 2002) and reflects propensities toward in- volvement in college.
In examining the role of college choice decisions on persistence, sev- eral studies included indicators to ascertain how students ranked their current institution in relation to their overall choice set (Braxton, Bray et al., 2000; Bray et al., 1999). While findings from these studies did not
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Learning and Persistence 799
indicate a direct relationship with persistence, they do reveal important indirect effects that work through a number of constructs, especially students’ later goal commitments. Scholars uncovered more prominent findings, however, in relation to the availability and type of financial aid offered to students (furr & Elling, 2002; Ishitani & DesJardins, 2002; Paulsen & St. John, 2002). In general, these studies point to the higher likelihood of persistence for students who receive financial aid, although some studies have found differential effects for financial aid based on distinctions among race (Furr & Elling, 2002), socioeconomic status, and type of aid awarded (Paulsen & St. John, 2002)
Social and academic integration are perhaps the most heavily re- searched aspects of student persistence (Tinto, 2006). Numerous stud- ies, for instance, have demonstrated the positive effects of social in- tegration on student persistence (Beil, Reisen, Zea, & Caplan, 1999; Braxton, Bray et al., 2000; Bray et al., 1999; Milem & Berger, 1997). Other studies have focused on race/ethnicity by examining the role of social adjustment on African American retention (Gloria, Kurpius, Hamilton, & Wilson, 1999), and the role of social support and comfort in the university environment on Asian American retention (Gloria & Ho, 2003).
Researchers have approached academic integration from a number of different vantage points in understanding its link to persistence, includ- ing faculty teaching skills (e.g., classroom discussions, organizations, clarity in teaching practices; see Braxton, Bray et al., 2000; Braxton, Milem, & Sullivan, 2000; Pascarella, Seifert, & Whitt, 2008) and the effects of active learning strategies (Braxton, Willis, Hirschy, & Hartley, 2008; kinzie, Gonyea, Shoup, & kuh; 2008). Other researchers have examined the effects of college grades (Paulsen & St. John, 2002), as well as the role of faculty-student interaction, collaborative learning, and experiences with diverse others on student persistence into the sec- ond college year (kinzie et al., 2008). Overall, the literature provides mixed evidence on the influence of college grades on persistence (kuh, Cruce, Shoup, kinzie, & Gonyea, 2008; Paulsen & St. John, 2002), which Paulsen and St. John suggest is a reflection of the combination of competing factors. For example, students with relatively better grades may be simultaneously experiencing higher levels of academic integra- tion and other meaningful student experiences, effectively diminishing the estimated net effect of grades on persistence. There is also an op- tion value accompanying high grades such that better students are more prone to transfer to different schools (Paulsen & St. John, 2002).
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼800 The Journal of Higher Education Conceptual Framework
The conceptual framework is based on the assumptions that learn- ing can be accessed, measured, and used to inform a larger conversa- tion concerning learning’s relationship to persistence. Based on these assumptions and a broad review of the literature, the conceptual frame- work highlights several key areas of consideration necessary for un- derstanding the distinctive contribution learning may have on students’ likelihood of persisting after the first year of college. These areas in- clude student demographics and socioeconomic status, precollege aca- demics, college choice and financial aid, institutional characteristics, and the role of academic and social integration.
How we position measures of student learning in relation to per- sistence marks a departure from earlier models of student persistence (Milem & Berger, 1997; Tinto, 1975). We situate measures of student learning as critical dimensions related to, but not embedded within, tra- ditional definitions of academic integration known for influencing per- sistence and retention. In doing so, the present study builds on Tinto’s model of student departure by examining how dimensions of learning, including grade point average, may explain observed differences in col- lege student persistence while being conceptually distinct from aca- demic integration. Figure 1 illustrates the conceptual framework guid- ing this study.
Research Questions
The current study relies on assessments of students’ learning to un- derstand persistence. In particular, we incorporated measures of learn- ing across multiple dimensions to examine student persistence between the first- and second-year of college. We organized this study around the central hypothesis that student learning during college positively affects persistence, above and beyond background characteristics, measures of social, human, and financial capital, and other confounding influences such as postsecondary institutional environment, and academic and so- cial integration. Building on past research on postsecondary persistence and student learning during college, our analyses address the following two questions:
Question 1. Do measured dimensions of student learning at the end of the first college year affect the likelihood of persistence into the second college year? More specifically, net of demographic, socioeconomic, and academic background characteristics, as well as measures of col- lege choice, financial aid, and institution attended, is the likelihood of
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Student Entry Characteristics
Demographics & socioeconomics  Race
 Gender
Institutional Context
 Socioeconomic status
Pre-college academics
o Frequency of interaction with faculty
 ACT composite/SAT equivalent
 Intercultural effectiveness
 Degree aspirations
 High school involvement
Financial characteristics & college choice
 Choice ranking of attended
o Perception of positive peer interaction
 Content mastery (G.P.A.)
college
 Credit transfer
 Grants received
 Loans received
Individual Student Experiences
Academic integration
Learning constructs
o Perception of teaching quality
 Socially responsible leadership
Persistence to Second Year of College
Social integration
 Moral reasoning
o Hours spent in co-curricular activities
Fig 1. Conceptual framework Linking Learning and Persistence
 Need for cognition
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼802 The Journal of Higher Education
persisting into the second college year influenced by dimensions of stu- dent learning?
Question 2. Do the relationships between student learning and per- sistence found in question one remain after controlling for differences in academic and social integration during the first year of college? This question examines if the effects of student learning on persistence are moderated by academic and social integration.
Methods
Data
Data resources for this study were part of the Wabash National Study of Liberal Arts Education (WNSLAE). The WNSLAE began in 2006 as a large-scale effort to collect information on a variety of student charac- teristics, precollege and college experiences, educational and environ- mental conditions, as well as learning outcomes associated with liberal arts education. The longitudinal panel design of the WNSLAE provides researchers with opportunities to examine the educational conditions that foster student learning, as well as the factors that support student development and success at different times during the college experi- ence (Center of Inquiry in the Liberal Arts [CILA], n.d.).
The student analytic sample consisted of full-time undergraduates who attended one of 16 four-year WNSLAE-participating institutions, including six liberal arts colleges and 10 universities. For students at- tending liberal arts colleges, the sample consisted of the entire incom- ing class of first-year students, while university students were randomly drawn from the pool of entering first-year students affiliated with their institution’s College of Arts and Sciences. The institutional sample in- cluded colleges and universities purposefully selected from a group of institutions that responded to a national call for participants. While the institutional sample was drawn with the intention of representing a range of institutional characteristics (e.g., type, control, size, and se- lectivity), liberal arts colleges were overrepresented in accordance with the guiding principles of the project (CILA, n.d.). It is important to note that while the WNSLAE included two community colleges in the full study, these were excluded from the present project based on differences between students’ orientations towards learning for those attending two- and four-year colleges (Pierson, Wolniak, Pascarella, & Flowers, 2003), as well as differences in the costs and benefits of remaining enrolled at two-year versus four-year institutions (e.g., Braxton, Hirschy, & Mc- Clendon, 2004; Paulsen & St. John, 2002).
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Learning and Persistence 803
Among the 4,501 students who participated in the fall 2006 inaugu- ral survey, 3,081 students (68.5%) participated in the follow-up assess- ment administered in the spring of 2007. In addition to the information collected from the follow-up assessment, matched institutional records provided enrollment status for the second college year. After adjusting for missing data, our analytic sample included 2,439 students who at- tended one of the 16 colleges or universities. The analytic sample was predominately female (66%), White (81%), and had an average com- posite ACT score, or converted SAT equivalent, of 26 (an ACT compos- ite score of 26 corresponds to an SAT summed score of approximately 1170; for explanations of ACT–SAT concordance see ACT, Inc., 2008; Dorans, 1999). Roughly 80% of the sample aspired to complete more than a four-year college degree. In terms of college choice and financial aid, the large majority (79%) of students in the sample entered college without transferring any college credits, and over half (54%) received financial aid in the form of student loans. At 92%, the large majority of our sample persisted into the second year of college, which ranged from 86 to 96% depending on institution attended. Table 1 describes the vari- ables in our analysis and indicates where mean values differed between persisting and nonpersisting students (p < 0.05). We discuss these dif- ferences at the beginning of the Results section.
Variables in the Analytic Models
Persistence. The outcome variable was a dichotomous measure based on institutional records of enrollment, reflecting whether or not a stu- dent enrolled in college at the beginning of the second year (fall 2007).
Learning Constructs. The models contained five measures of student learning, including the following four dimensions: Socially Responsi- ble Leadership (Tyree, 1998), Intercultural Effectiveness (fuertes et al., 2000; Miville et al., 1999), Inclination to Inquire and Lifelong Learning (Cacioppo & Petty, 1982), and Moral Reasoning (Rest et al., 1999). The fifth measure of student learning captures overall Content Mastery (i.e., college grade point average) at the end students’ first year of college. Table 2 provides additional information on each construct (CILA, n.d.).
To minimize respondent burden, the WSNLAE sample was designed such that not every respondent took the full battery of assessments. Roughly half of the original sample were randomly selected and admin- istered the Moral Reasoning assessment (n = 1,265), while the entire sample of participating students were administered the remaining as- sessments (n = 2,439).
Integration. In addition to the aforementioned learning measures, the follow-up assessment included a battery of questions related to students’
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 1 Descriptive Statistics
Demographics & Socioeconomics
Female
Black, non-Hispanic
Asian, Pacific Islander
Hispanic
White, Caucasian
Other (reference racial group)a
Mother had attained at least a four-year degree Father had attained at least a four-year degree Parental incomeb
Student incomeb
Precollege Academics
ACT composite / SAT equivalent
Aspires to complete more than a 4-year degree High school involvement
Choice & Aid
Choice ranking of college attended (reverse-coded) Did not transfer any credits
Received federal grants
Received state grants
Received institutional grants
Received student loans Institution Attended c Academic & Social Integration
Teaching clarity and organization scale (α = 0.887) frequency of faculty interaction scale (α = 0.702) Positive peer interaction scale (α = 0.871)
Hours spent per week in cocurricular activitiesd
Learning Constructs
Socially Responsible Leadership scale (α = 0.914) Intercultural Effectiveness scale (α = 0.851)
Need for Cognition scale (α = 0.897)
Moral Reasoning scale (α = NA)e
Content Mastery (grade point average)f
Persisted into the Second College Year n = 2,439
Mean
0.66 0.04 0.08 0.05 0.81 0.01 0.60 [+] 0.62 [+] 4.99 0.81
26.46 [+] 0.80 0.53
3.53
0.79
0.15 [-] 0.29
0.56
0.54 0.03–0.12
0.05 [+] -0.04 [+] 0.02 [+] 2.58 [+]
0.00 [+]
0.00 -0.02 [+]
0.00 6.21 [+] 0.92
SD Min Max
0.47 0.00 1.00 0.20 0.00 1.00 0.26 0.00 1.00 0.22 0.00 1.00 0.39 0.00 1.00 0.12 0.00 1.00 0.49 0.00 1.00 0.49 0.00 1.00 2.43 0.00 9.00 0.60 0.00 9.00
4.07 14.00 36.00 0.40 0.00 1.00 0.50 0.00 1.00
0.84 1.00 4.00 0.41 0.00 1.00 0.35 0.00 1.00 0.45 0.00 1.00 0.50 0.00 1.00 0.50 0.00 1.00 0.18–0.33 0.00 1.00
0.67 -3.86 1.40 0.71 -1.40 2.15 0.71 -3.00 1.06 1.50 1.00 8.00
0.96 -6.93 2.27 1.00 -5.46 2.15 0.99 -3.99 2.31 0.98 -2.89 2.65 1.46 1.00 8.00 0.27 0.00 1.00
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 1 (Continued) Descriptive Statistics
a Other includes respondents who did not affiliate themselves with any of the racial/ethnic groups, or indicated their race/ethnicity was unknown, American Indian/Alaska Native, or Multiracial.
b Response categories include: 0 = Not applicable; 1 = Less than $14,999; 2 = $15,000–$24,999; 3 = $25,000– $34,999; 4 = $35,000–$49,999; 5 = $50,000–$74,999; 6 = $75,000–$99,999; 7 = $100,000–$199,999; 8 = $200,000–$299,999; 9 = $300,000 or more.
c Institution Attended includes 15 dummy variables representing the 16 colleges and universities in the sample. Descriptive statistics for each of the institutions are available upon request from the first author.
d Response categories include: 1 = 0 hours; 2 = 1–5 hours; 3 = 6–10 hours; 4 = 11–15 hours; 5 = 16–20 hours; 6 = 21–25 hours; 7 = 26–30 hours; 8 = More than 30 hours.
e Scaled scores were computed by the Center for the Study of Ethical Development, University of Minnesota (Bebeau & Thoma, 2003). Alpha reliabilities are not available. Descriptive statistics are based on a subsample of n = 1,385.
f Responsecategoriesinclude:1=C-orlower;2=C;3=C+;4=B-;5=B;6=B+;7=A-;8=A.
[+] Mean value among persisting students is significantly greater than the mean value among nonpersisting students at p < 0.05.
[-] Mean value among persisting students is significantly less than the mean value among nonpersisting students at p < 0.05.
TABLE 2
Learning Constructs [variable label]
Socially Responsible Leadership (α = 0.914) [Leadership]
Designed as a tool for assessing socially responsible leadership among college students. A
second-order factor was constructed from the seven key measures in the Social Change Model for leadership (i.e., consciousness of self, congruence, commitment, collaboration, common purpose, controversy with civility, citizenship), plus a measure of change designed to capture the importance of making a better world and society (Tyree, 1998).
Intercultural effectiveness (α = 0.851) [Diversity]
The M-GUDS-S is a 15-item multiple choice questionnaire that measures student attitudes,
cognitions, and behaviors regarding diversity, awareness, and acceptance of both similarities and differences among people (fuertes et al, 2000; Miville et al., 1999).
Inclination to inquire and lifelong learning (α = 0.897) [Cognition]
Cacioppo and Petty (1982) developed a Need for Cognition Scale that measures how much people enjoy engaging in effortful cognitive activities. Individuals who rank high in “need for cognition” enjoy thinking and do it more often than individuals who rank low in this area and who only engage in careful thought when they have to.
Moral Reasoning [Moral Reasoning]
The Defining Issues Test (DIT-2) is a measure of moral judgment, consisting of five social
problems to which participants respond, based on a different set of assumptions about how development unfolds. See Rest et al. (1999) provide a theoretical interpretation of the DIT-2 scores.
Content Mastery [Grades]
Survey question administered at the end of the first college year, asking students: What have most of your grades been up to now at this institution?
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼806 The Journal of Higher Education
college experiences during their first year of college and was used as the basis for deriving measures of social and academic integration. Social integration included two measures, an eight-item factor scale reflecting students’ positive interactions with their peers (α = 0.871), and a single- item indicator of frequency of participation in cocurricular activities. Academic integration measures consisted of two factor scales: a 10-item composite measure of perceptions of teaching clarity (α = 0.887), and a four-item indicator of frequency of students’ interactions with faculty (α = 0.702). Table 3 presents constituent items and reliabilities for each scale.
Control Variables. Demographic, socioeconomic, and academic back- ground characteristics were measured by the following variables: sex, race/ethnicity (Black, Asian, Hispanic, White, and Unknown/Other), mother’s and father’s education attainment (at least a bachelor’s degree vs. less than a bachelor’s degree), parent’s income, students’ income, precollege academic achievement (composite measure of ACT or con- verted SAT scores), and educational aspirations (greater than a four-year degree vs. a four-year degree or less). To further control for students’ dispositions towards engagement, the model also contained a dichoto- mous measure of involvement during high school. Due to variance het- erogeneity of the items measuring involvement during high school, a summated scale of these items reflecting frequency of participation in academic and social activities was created and recoded through the use of a median split to reflect high versus low levels of involvement during high school.
Financial aid and college choice were included in the models with the following variables: received federal grants (yes/no), received state grants (yes/no), received institutional grants (yes/no), received student loans (yes/no), and choice ranking of college attended.
Postsecondary context was represented in two ways. First, a direct measure of credit transfer was included in the models: did not transfer credits to institution (yes/no). Second, in order to adjust standard errors for students nested within institutions, a set of 16 instrumental, dichoto- mous variables was included in the models indicating college or univer- sity attended, although parameter estimates for these variables are not presented in the final tables.
Analysis
We conducted three stages of analysis applying a variety of analytic techniques and multivariate logistic regression models. First, as a pre- liminary analysis, we tested for differences between persisting and non- persisting students by examining mean values within each group across
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 3
Constituent Items for the Academic and Social Integration Scales
Quality Teaching—perceptions of teaching clarity and organization (α = 0.887)
Frequency that faculty gave clear explanations.
frequency that faculty made good use of examples and illustrations to explain difficult points. frequency that faculty effectively reviewed and summarized the material.
Frequency that faculty interpreted abstract ideas and theories clearly.
Frequency that faculty gave assignments that helped in learning the course material. frequency that the presentation of material was well organized.
Frequency that faculty were well prepared for class.
Frequency that class time was used effectively.
Frequency that course goals and requirements were clearly explained.
Frequency that faculty had a good command of what they were teaching.
faculty Contact—frequency of interaction with faculty (α = 0.702)
During current school year, how often has respondent discussed grades or assignments with an
instructor?
During current school year, how often has respondent talked about career plans with a faculty member or advisor?
During current school year, how often has respondent discussed ideas from readings or classes with faculty members outside of class?
During current school year, how often has respondent worked with faculty members on activi- ties other than coursework (committees, orientation, student life activities, etc.)?
Peer Interactions—perceptions of positive interactions with other students (α = 0.871)
Respondent has developed close personal relationships with other students.
The student friendships respondent has developed at this institution have been personally
satisfying.
Interpersonal relationships with other students have had a positive influence on respondent’s personal growth, attitudes, and values.
Interpersonal relationships with other students have had a positive influence on respondent’s intellectual growth and interest in ideas.
Respondent’s quality of relationships with other students.
It has been difficult for respondent to meet and make friends with other students (reverse- coded).
Few of the students respondent knows would be willing to listen to and help respondent with a personal problem (reverse-coded).
Most students at this institution have values and attitudes different from respondent (reverse- coded).
Note. One additional measure of student integration consisted of a single survey item reflecting the number of hours per week respondent spends participating in cocurricular activities (ranging from 1 = 0 hours to 8 = More than 30 hours).
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼808 The Journal of Higher Education
the full set of variables in the model. This preliminary, descriptive anal- ysis is intended to provide a basic understanding of the differences in the backgrounds, educational experiences, and learning measures of stu- dents who persisted versus those who did not.
Second, we estimated a series of multivariate logistic regression mod- els predicting the likelihood of second-year persistence. Blocks of vari- ables were sequentially entered into each model to account for a host of relevant demographic, socioeconomic, and academic background char- acteristics, as well as measures of financial aid, choice, and institution attended. This analysis provided background information on which fac- tors influence the likelihood of persistence, and the net effect of those factors.
Third, for the primary analysis we ran separate regression models for each scaled measure of student learning acquired from the spring 2007 follow-up assessment. Building on the model containing all three blocks of variables defined above, each student learning construct and set of academic and social integration measures were individually en- tered into the regression equation. This approach isolated the effects of each learning measure on persistence and allowed us to address the first research question. Where we detected evidence of a significant relation- ship between a dimension of student learning and persistence, we ran additional models that included the identified learning dimension and the set of academic and social integration measures. Thus, we addressed the second research question by examining changes in the parameter es- timates of the learning measures before and after statistically controlling for levels of academic and social integration.
The multivariate analysis is represented according to Equation 1, where: P represents whether or not a student persisted into their second college year; X is a vector of demographic, socioeconomic, and precol- lege academic characteristics; C includes measures of college choice and financial aid; T represents a set of indicator variables reflecting each of the 16 institutions in the sample which were included in every model estimated and functioned as an instrumental variable; and e is random error. Equation 2 represents the stage of analysis where separate models were run for each of the five dimensions of student learning (Lj), and the set of integration measures (I). In cases where Lj was a statistically sig- nificant predictors of students’ likelihood to persist, measures of social and academic integration were simultaneously entered into the model, represented as I. uj represents random error for each model, and j re- flects each of the five learning dimensions.
Log (odds) = ln ﴾P /(1 – P)﴿ = b0 + b1X + b2C + b3T + e (1) Log(odds)j =ln﴾P/(1–P)﴿j =b0+b1X+b2C+b3T+b4Lj +b5I+uj (2)
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Learning and Persistence 809
Altogether, these analyses allowed us to address each research ques- tion and contribute new information on the factors affecting student per- sistence. When interpreting the parameter estimates we examined the odds ratios (Exp(B)) for categorical variables and Delta-p statistics for continuous variables. An odds ratio represents the change in the odds that a student persisted into the second year of college and is useful for interpreting the effects of belonging to one group versus a reference group for dichotomous variables. The Delta-p statistic represents the change in probability that a student persisted resulting from a one-unit change in a continuous, independent variable (Long, 1997; Peterson, 1985).
Limitations
Several limitations are noteworthy. First, when compared to national averages (NCES, 2003), rates of persistence across the sample were ex- ceedingly high, with approximately 8% of the students in the study not persisting to their second year of college. Given that this 8% represents both transfers and dropouts—two distinctive populations—and that the sample persistence rates reflect a more motivated and academically suc- cessful population than the associated institutional persistence rates, generalizations of these results to other institutions should be made with caution. Second, our conceptualization of learning and its measurement was based on the objectives of the WNSLAE project and framed accord- ing to the definition of student learning put forth in the AAC&U (2007) report College Learning for the New Global Century. Other dimensions of learning not assessed as part of this project may have had more pro- found effects on persistence; perhaps, for example, students’ decisions to persist are more closely tied to occupationally aligned dimensions of learning than the more generalizable outcomes set by the NWSLAE project and AAC&U (2007) report. Third, this study’s purpose involved empirically linking broadly conceived notions of learning to persis- tence. Future studies are needed to capture the distinctive potential each learning outcome plays on explaining persistence. Fourth, college grade point average was self-reported by students rather than directly captured from institutional records; past research has yielded mixed evidence on the reliability and validity of self-reported grades (Ewell & Jones, 1993; kuncel, Credé, & Thomas, 2005; Pascarella & Terenzini, 1991). finally, it is important to note that the institutional sample within the WNSLAE data was not randomly selected, limiting our basis for employing multi- level analytic strategies. However, because students are clustered within institutions, we included n - 1 dummy variables reflecting each of the institutions in the sample to take into account unobserved institutional
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼810 The Journal of Higher Education
effects. By estimating fixed-effects models in this way we controlled for the average effects of each institution while focusing our analysis on student-level measures using blocked regression techniques (Kreft, 1996).
Results
The preliminary descriptive analysis provides a basic understand- ing of the differences in the backgrounds, educational experiences, and learning measures of students who persisted versus those who did not. Results indicated that students who persisted into their second year of college were more likely than nonpersisters to have parents with at least a four-year college degree and to have scored higher on their ACT or SAT exam (see Table 1). Persisting students reported higher levels of academic and social integration during their first year of college in areas related to exposure to quality teaching, frequency of faculty con- tact, peer interactions, and cocurricular involvement, while also demon- strating greater average scores on three of the five measures of assessed student learning (leadership, need for cognition, and content mastery). Alternatively, compared to nonpersisting students, a smaller share of persisters obtained financial aid in the form of federal grants.
Next, we used multivariate logistic techniques to regress second- year persistence on three blocks of variables, sequentially entered into each model. Because of sample variation across the measures of student learning, we began the first analytic stage by predicting the likelihood of persistence among the full analytic sample (N = 2,439). By running a multiple logistic regression analysis across three blocks of variables, we estimated the overall effects of demographic and socioeconomic background characteristics (Block I), measures of precollege academic involvement (Block II), and indicators of college choice, financial aid, and college or university attended (Block III) on the likelihood that stu- dents persisted into their second college year. As shown in Table 4, the overall predictability of the model increased as each group of variables were entered into the equation (based on χ2 and Naglekerke R2 statistics, p < 0.05).
In examining demographic and socioeconomic characteristics con- tained in Block I, having a mother with at least a four-year college degree increased the likelihood of persistence. Block II variables in- cluded ACT/SAT composite scores which also increased the likelihood of persistence. Controlling for differences in all precollege measures contained in Blocks I and II, it appears in Block III that students who received state or institutional grants were more likely to persist than stu-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Learning and Persistence 811
dents who did not, while the receipt of loans exerted the opposite effect. Thus, across all three blocks of variables, significant and positive effects were found for measures representing social capital (mother’s education level), human capital (ACT/SAT composite score), and financial capital (receipt of grants). While not shown in the table, all model iterations (Blocks I, II, and III) included the set of instrumental dummy variables indicating institution attended and accounting for student clustering.
Given the overall effects of the background and control variables in Blocks I, II, and III, we next focused the analysis on the unique impacts of learning and integration on student persistence. For each dimension of student learning that significantly predicted the likelihood of persis- tence, we examined the moderating effects of academic and social in- tegration by simultaneously adding integration variables to the model. Table 5 presents these results, yielding three key findings.
first, as shown in the Table 5, several measures of student learning (i.e., including intercultural effectiveness, need for cognition, and moral reasoning) failed to significantly affect likelihood of persisting. The two notable exceptions to these findings include socially responsible leader- ship and grades during the first year of college. Both of these learning measures yielded a positive and significant influence on the likelihood of persisting, with grades (B = 0.295, Delta-p = 0.020, p < 0.01) exert- ing a relatively greater influence than leadership (B = 0.149, Delta-p = 0.010, p < 0.05). In other words, after statistically controlling for a variety of background differences and other confounding measures, the more students demonstrated overall mastery of their course content or socially responsible leadership capabilities, the more likely they were to enroll during the fall of their second college year.
The second key finding occurred in examining differences in stu- dents’ levels of academic and social integration during their first year of college. When we entered the four integration scales into the model containing all background and control variables (Table 5, column 1), three of the four scales, including quality of teaching, peer interaction, and cocurricular activities, were positive and significant predictors of persistence. Among these, students’ levels of positive peer interactions yielded the greatest influence on the likelihood of second year persis- tence (B = 0.816, Delta-p = 0.044, p < 0.01), while the frequency of contact with faculty failed to have a significant impact.
Third, we examined moderating effects by simultaneously entering measures of academic and social integration to the models containing leadership and grades. Results from the combined model containing the leadership construct (Table 5, Combined Model 1) indicated overall im- provements in model fit, with the integration variables accounting for
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 4
Estimated Effects of Background and Control variables on Persistence
Demographics & Socioeconomics
Female -0.002 Black 0.366 Asian 0.417 Hispanic 0.739 White 0.605 Mom BA 0.590** Dad BA 0.292 Parent inc. -0.062 Student inc. -0.001
0.998 1.442 1.518 2.093 1.832 1.804 1.339 0.940 0.999
-0.000 0.024 0.026 0.041 0.035 0.035 0.019
-0.006 0.575 0.472 0.933 0.595 0.560** 0.256
1.777 0.034 1.604 0.029 2.542 0.048 1.814 0.035 1.750 0.033 1.291 0.017 0.933 -0.005 0.989 -0.001
0.011 1.011 0.688 1.990 0.468 1.596 0.935 2.547 0.609 1.838 0.576** 1.778 0.287 1.333
0.001 0.039 0.029 0.048 0.035 0.034 0.019
Precollege Academics
ACT/SAT composite Aspirations
HS involvement
0.074** 0.056 0.115
1.076 0.005 1.058 0.004 1.122 0.008
0.065** 1.067 0.048 1.049 0.122 1.130
0.005 0.004 0.009
Choice & Aid
College choice
No transfer credits Federal grants State grants
Inst. grants
Loans
0.153 1.165
0.011
χ2, df Model R2
49.512, 24 0.047**
60.446, 27 0.057**†
84.671, 33 0.079**††
B
Exp(B)
Delta-p
B
Exp(B) Delta-p 0.994 -0.000
B Exp(B)
Delta-p
I II III
-0.005 0.000
-0.069 -0.012
-0.068 0.934 -0.003 0.997
-0.005 0.000
Note. In addition to the variables shown, all models contain 15 dummy variables representing Institution Attended. Model R2 represents the Naglekerke statistic. The increase in R2 from the previous model is statistically significant at † p < 0.05, ††p < 0.01. n = 2,439. * p < 0.05, ** p < 0.01.
0.144 1.155 -0.393 0.675 0.696** 2.005 0.755** 2.127 -0.502* 0.605
0.010 -0.035 0.039 0.042 -0.046
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 5
Net Effects of Student Integration (variable block 1) and Learning (variables 2–6) on Persistence
Separate Model
B
0.299* 0.020 0.172**
0.134 0.816** 0.009 0.044
0.130* 0.009
0.149* 0.010 0.082**
0.035 0.003 0.079**
0.113 0.008 0.081**
0.041 0.003 0.110**
0.295** 0.020 0.106**
Delta-p
Model R2 Combined Model 1
B
0.354** 0.023 0.174**
0.172 0.843** 0.012 0.045
0.139* 0.010
-0.154 -0.012
Delta-p
Model R2 Combined Model 2
B
0.202
0.065 0.831** 0.005 0.044
0.132* 0.009
0.266** 0.018
Delta-p Model R2
0.014 0.192**
Quality teaching
Faculty contact Peer int.
Cocurr. inv.
Leadership
Diversity
Cognition
Moral reasoning
Grades
1 23456
Note. In addition to the variables shown above, all models include measures of student Demographics & Socioeconomics, Precollege Academics, Choice & Aid, and Institution Attended as shown in Table 1. Model R2 represents the Naglekerke statistic. The increase in R2 from adding integration measures to models 2 and 6 are statistically significant (p < 0.01). Models containing variables 1–4 and 6: n = 2,439. Model containing variable 5: n = 1,265. * p < 0.05. ** p < 0.01.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼814 The Journal of Higher Education
nearly all of the predictive power (Model R2 = 0.174, p < 0.01). Esti- mates from the model containing grades (Table 5, Combined Model 2) also showed a sizable increase in model fit from adding the integration measures (Model R2 = 0.192, p < 0.01). Based on the loss of statisti- cal significance in the estimated net effects of leadership and the de- crease in effect size of grades (B = 0.266, Delta-p = 0.009, p < 0.01), the combined model estimates provide evidence that academic and so- cial integration moderate the effects of these two learning measures on persistence.
Fourth, net of all background and control variables and holding con- stant differences in leadership skills as well as grades (see Table 5, Combined Model 1 and 2), results indicated the importance of social in- tegration during the first college year. We found that positive peer inter- actions and the number of hours per week participating in cocurricular activities consistently increased the likelihood of persistence. In terms of academic integration, involvement in courses with clear and orga- nized teaching also had a significant influence on persistence even when controlling for socially responsible leadership, but not when taking into account first-year grades. frequency of faculty contact did not have a significant effect on persistence in any of our estimated models.
Discussion and Conclusions
Based on longitudinal data collected in 2006–07 as a part of the Wa- bash National Study of Liberal Arts Education, this study employed de- scriptive and multivariate techniques specifically to understand the net effects of student learning on the likelihood of persistence, and the ex- tent to which academic and social integration moderated these effects. Building on past research and organized around the hypothesis that stu- dent learning during college positively affects persistence, the analyses were designed to address two research questions.
The first research question examined the direct effects of student learning on second-year persistence, controlling for a number of back- ground and experiential measures. Results indicated that only socially responsible leadership and grade point average shared statistically sig- nificant relationships with persistence. Thus, one major conclusion from the study is that persistence decisions are influenced by overall mas- tery of course content, as reflected by first-year grades, and the extent to which students possess values such as equity, social justice, self-knowl- edge, citizenship, and commitment towards social change as measured by the leadership construct.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Learning and Persistence 815
The findings related to grade point average and persistence are con- sistent with and expand results from past studies (Adelman, 1999; Ca- brera et al., 1993; Cabrera et al., 1999; Nora & Cabrera, 1996; Paulsen & St. John, 2002), and underscore the importance of including content mastery as a determinant within theories and frameworks intended to predict student persistence. Such a finding reminds educators of the value students place on extrinsic rewards and the assessments faculty use to measure content mastery.
The relationship between socially responsible leadership and persis- tence marks one of this study’s important and distinctive findings. Why does socially responsible leadership influence persistence differently than other measures of learning? Perhaps, students with higher scores on measures of socially responsible leadership were more likely to place value on persistence as a mark of being a good leader. For these stu- dents, leading wide-scale social change may begin with understanding the importance of obtaining an undergraduate degree; an understand- ing exemplified by their increased likelihood of persisting to the second year in college. Alternatively, research has shown significant associa- tions among students’ capacity for leadership and general campus in- volvement, cross-group interactions, and engagement with faculty (An- tonio, 2001; Dugan, 2006; Dugan & komives, 2010; kezar & Moriarty, 2000; komives, Longerbeam, Owen, Mainella, & Osteen, 2006). So- cially responsible leadership may therefore also be a proxy for empiri- cally validated experiences related to academic and social integration. In either case, future research is needed to examine the collegiate condi- tions and educational practices necessary for spurring gains in socially responsible leadership.
The second research question examined whether academic and social integration moderated the relationship between persistence and learn- ing outcomes related to grade point average and socially responsible leadership. Overall, the effects of academic integration on learning’s link to persistence were relatively weak, with exposure to good teach- ing practices moderating the effects of grade point average on persis- tence. This result echoes those from previous studies, touting the im- portance of good teaching on increasing persistence (Pascarella, Salis- bury, & Blaich, 2011; Reason, 2009). That only one of the two measures of academic integration moderated the effects of one of the two tested learning dimensions is telling: for students in this study, faculty contact had little to do with students persisting to their second year of college. Therefore, the study’s second major conclusion is in terms of academic integration; the results add to evidence suggesting that teaching prac-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼816 The Journal of Higher Education
tices within the classroom setting exert a stronger positive influence on persistence than frequency of interactions with faculty (e.g., Pascarella & Terenzini, 2005; Reason, 2009).
Consistent with past studies documenting a strong relationship be- tween social integration and persistence (Beil et al., 1999; Braxton, Bray et al., 2000; Bray et al., 1999; Milem & Berger, 1997), the re- sults further confirm that cocurricular activities and peer relationships are critical for helping students persist to their second college year. Our findings suggest that socially responsible leadership and grade point av- erages were each moderated by social integration, including measures of peer interactions and cocurricular involvement. These results serve as important reminders for administrators to be attentive to, if not al- locate resources toward, cocurricular programs and services specifically designed to involve first-year students on campus (kuh et al., 2008; Zao & Kuh, 2004). A third major conclusion of the study is that, put simply, involving first-year students in the cocurriculum facilitates second-year persistence, irrespective of content mastery, socially responsible leader- ship, or entry characteristics.
Implications
Examining student success through an expanded understanding of factors that influence student persistence is critical for improving the na- tion’s postsecondary completion rates. While college persistence has re- ceived considerable attention in the past, notably absent from the extant research is an examination of the connections between student learning and persistence. With increasing attention to learning outcomes neces- sary in the twenty-first century (AAC&U, 2007), coupled with growing concern over lagging completion rates (Bowen, Chingos, & McPherson, 2009), and emerging evidence that students are too often not developing critical thinking and complex reasoning skills during college (Arum & Roksa, 2011), this study examined the interconnections between student learning and college persistence.
Given the study’s findings, there are several research, practical, and policy implications for higher education. For example, results from this study contribute to the body of evidence showing the significant role of student engagement on persistence and expand past research in which student learning has largely been confined to the single dimension of content mastery, operationalized by students’ grade point averages (e.g., Cabrera et al., 1993; Pascarella & Terenzini, 2005). By conceptualiz- ing student learning as a collection of empirically validated constructs (king et al., 2007; Pascarella, Wolniak, Seifert, Cruce, & Blaich, 2005),
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Learning and Persistence 817
the study provides new information on the relationships among integra- tion, learning, and persistence, and differs from other examinations of persistence in three ways.
First, we measured several learning dimensions, including grade point average, for their effects on persistence. Second, in order to iso- late the amount of variance learning had on persistence, we conceptu- alized learning to include content mastery as one of five dimensions of learning, and distinct from academic integration. Our approach ex- pands upon previous studies, in which learning and perceptions of the academic environment have been subsumed under academic integration in what Tinto (1975) referred to as “intellectual development.” finally, this strategy of separating learning from perceptions of the academic environment enabled us to test if such perceptions moderated learning’s influence on persistence.
Furthermore, this study raises important questions concerning the conceptual relationship between learning and persistence. Although we chose to position the different learning dimensions as determinants of persistence, others might be equally concerned with examining the cumulative influence of continued enrollment and progress towards a degree on learning. Students’ enrollment decisions are predicated on as- sumptions concerning the overall value of, and satisfaction with, higher education (knox, Lindsay, & kolb, 1992; Paulsen & St. John, 2002), and the weak link between learning and persistence we uncovered with this study suggests a need for researchers to continue challenging differ- ent approaches to studying persistence.
Turning to institutions, results from this study suggest that effec- tive teaching indeed influences persistence. Moderating the effects of grade point average on persistence and exerting a stronger positive influence on persistence than frequency of interactions with faculty, teaching practices within the classroom setting appear to play a large role in influencing persistence for students participating in this study. As such, we echo sentiments that have been raised by other scholars (see Pascarella et al., 2008; Pascarella, Salisbury, & Blaich, 2011) inter- ested in teaching and learning: Institutions benefit, by way of increasing persistence, from investing significant resources into faculty develop- ment programs aimed at enhancing teaching. In tandem, we urge higher education programs to offer courses in effective educational practices to graduate students from all disciplines: If higher education faculty mem- bers don’t teach how to teach, then who should?
In addition, the lack of findings between many of the measured di- mensions of student learning used in the study and persistence suggests that the prevailing definitions of institutional quality ought to extend
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼818 The Journal of Higher Education
beyond enrollment measures in order to take into account learning as an essential determinant of quality. The U.S. News and World Report, for instance, weights institutional retention rates as 4% of an institution’s overall ranking, yet measures of learning remain a strikingly absent feature of their quality index. While many have criticized this lack of emphasis on student learning (Hersh, 2005), the results from this study suggest, in part, that metrics such as persistence are not reliable proxies for the type of learning that occurs within an institution.
Although policy makers have yet to reach any consensus on how to incorporate learning into a generalized indicator of institutional quality, the continued public disaffection toward higher education highlights the need to rethink the ways in which we measure and transmit quality in our educational system. It would seem that we must acknowledge that institutional quality measures based on enrollment indicators likely fail to capture important learning dimensions, such as socially responsible leadership, moral reasoning, or inclination to inquire and lifelong learn- ing. And while the findings of Arum and Roksa’s (2011) book, Academi- cally Adrift: Limited Learning on College Campuses, and Pascarella et al.’s (2011) replication study highlight concerns surrounding the im- pacts of a college education on student learning, it is important to rec- ognize persistence as a primary mechanism by which access to college leads to degree attainment and a stronger educational pipeline.
From a broader policy perspective, the fact that results indicate a weak relationship between measured student learning and persistence calls into question prevailing notions of student success. Evidence that persistence is essentially unrelated to many important dimensions of student learning examined in this study suggests a need to refine broad educational policies. The study’s findings provide justification for pol- icy makers to apply a multifaceted approach for conceptualizing and achieving student success. Based on our results, it appears that persis- tence rates may be improved and the educational pipeline strengthened with programs fostering social integration, and to a lesser extent, aca- demic integration, whereas concern over economic competitiveness and workforce development may best be addressed with programs designed to promote critical aspects of student learning. Multifaceted approaches to fostering peer interactions, participation in the cocurriculum, and im- proved teaching, along with attention to learning outcomes across sev- eral dimensions holds the potential of bolstering enrollment from one year to the next, enhancing preparation for the complex challenges of the twenty-first century workforce, and achieving the nation’s broad ed- ucational goals.
In the midst of the current economic crisis, some have called into question the importance of “nonessential” areas of colleges and univer-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Learning and Persistence 819
sities, such as those areas not directly connected to or concerned with the academic mission of the institution. Yet, our results suggest that students’ involvement in the cocurriculum, their relationship with peers and, to some degree, exposure to quality teaching are likely determi- nants of second-year persistence, underscoring the importance of cre- ating programs and services that provide leadership opportunities for first-year students, a population often not targeted for leadership posi- tions. The results, therefore, provide an empirical basis to develop in- ternal policies and practices that increase collaboration among student and academic affairs, and approach the understanding of student success from a more holistic and developmental perspective.
References
ACT, Inc. (2008). ACT – SAT Concordance. Retrieved December 11, 2010, from http://
www.act.org/aap/concordance/pdf/reference.pdf
Adelman, C. (1999). Answers in the toolbox: Academic intensity, attendance patterns, and bachelor’s degree attainment. Washington, DC: U.S. Department of Education, Office of Educational Research and Improvement.
Antonio, A. L. (2001). The role of interracial interaction in the development of leadership skills and cultural knowledge and understanding. Research in Higher Education, 42, 593–617.
Arum, R., & Roksa, J. (2011). Academically adrift: Limited learning on college campuses. Chicago, IL: University of Chicago Press.
Association of American Colleges and Universities (AAC&U). (2007). College learning for the new global century. Retrieved January 15, 2011, from http://www.aacu.org/ad- vocacy/leap/documents/GlobalCentury_final.pdf
Astin, A. (1993). What matters in college? Four critical years revisited. San Francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Bean, J. P. (1990). Why students leave: Insights from research. In D. Hossler & J. P. Bean (Eds.), The strategic management of college enrollments (pp. 147–169). San francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Beil, C., Reisen, C. A., Zea, M. C., & Caplan, R. C. (1999). A longitudinal study of the ef- fects of academic and social integration and commitment on retention. NASPA Journal, 37, 376–85.
Berger, J., & Milem, J. (1999). The role of student involvement and perceptions of inte- gration in a causal model of student persistence. Research in Higher Education, 40, 641–664.
Berger, J., & Milem, J. (2000). Organizational behavior in higher education and student outcomes. In J. C. Smart (Ed.), Higher education: Handbook of theory and research (vol. 15, pp. 269–338). New York, NY: Agathon.
Bowen, W. G., Chigos, M. M., & McPherson, M. S. (2009). Crossing the finish line: Com- pleting college at America’s public universities. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼820 The Journal of Higher Education
Braxton, J. M., Bray, N. J., & Berger, J. B. (2000). faculty teaching skills and their influ- ence on the college student departure process. Journal of College Student Development, 41, 215–227.
Braxton, J. M., Hirschy, A. S., & McClendon, S. A. (2004). Understanding and reducing college student departure. ASHE-ERIC Higher Education Report (vol. 30, No. 3). San francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Braxton, J. M., Milem, J. f., & Sullivan, A. S. (2000). The influence of active learning on the college student departure process. The Journal of Higher Education, 71, 569–590.
Braxton, J. M., Willis, J. A., Hirschy, A. S., & Hartley, H. v. III. (2008). The role of active learning in college student persistence. New Directions for Teaching and Learning, 115, 71–83.
Bray, N. J., Braxton, J. M., & Sullivan, A. S. (1999). The influence of stress-related coping strategies on college student departure decisions. Journal of College Student Develop- ment, 40, 645–657.
Cabrera, A., Nora, A., & Castaneda, M. (1993). College persistence: Structural equations modeling test of an integrated model of student retention. The Journal of Higher Educa- tion, 62, 123–139.
Cabrera, A., Nora, A., Terenzini, P., Pascarella, E., & Hagedorn, L. (1999). Campus racial climate and the adjustment of students to college: A comparison between White and African American students. The Journal of Higher Education, 70, 134–160.
Cacioppo, J. T., & Petty, R. E. (1982). The need for cognition. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 42, 116–131.
Cambiano, R. L., Denny, G. S., & Devore, J. B. (2000). College student retention at a Midwestern university. Journal of College Admission, 166, 22–29.
Center of Inquiry in the Liberal Arts (CILA). (n.d.). Assessment instruments & liberal arts outcomes. Retrieved October 20, 2009, from http://www.liberalarts.wabash.edu/ study-overview/
Clotfelter, C. T., Ehrenberg, R. G., Getz, M. G., & Siegfried, J. J. (Eds.) (1991). Economic challenges in higher education. Chicago, IL: University of Chicago Press.
Cohn, E., & Geske, T. (1990). The economics of education (3rd ed.). New York, NY: Per- gamon Press.
Dorans, N. D. (1999). Correspondence between ACT and SAT scores. New York, NY: College Entrance Examination Board. Retrieved December 11, 2010, from http:// professionals.collegeboard.com/profdownload/pdf/rr9901_3913.pdf
Dugan, J. P. (2006). Involvement and leadership: A descriptive analysis of socially respon- sible leadership. Journal of College Student Development, 47, 335–343.
Dugan, J. P., & komives, S. R. (2010). Influences on college students’ capacities for so- cially responsible leadership. Journal of College Student Development, 51, 525–549.
Ehrenberg, R. G., Jakubsen, G. H., Groen, J. A., So, E., & Price, J. (2007). Inside the black box of doctoral education: What program characteristics influence doctoral stu- dents’ attrition and graduate probabilities? Education Evaluation and Policy Analysis, 29, 134–150.
Ewell, P. T., & Jones, D. P. (1993). Actions matter: The case for indirect measures in as- sessing higher education’s progress on the national education goals. Journal of General Education, 42, 123–148.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Learning and Persistence 821
fuertes, J. N., Miville, M. L., Mohr, J. J., Sedlacek, W. E., & Gretchen, D. (2000). factor structure and short form of the Miville-Guzman Universality-Diversity Scale. Measure- ment and Evaluation in Counseling and Development, 33, 157–169.
Furr, S. R., & Elling, T. W. (2002). African American students in a predominantly White university: Factors associated with retention. College Student Journal, 36, 188–199.
Gloria, A. M., & Ho, T. A. (2003). Environmental, social, and psychological experiences of Asian American undergraduates: Examining issues of academic persistence. Journal of Counseling & Development, 81, 93–105.
Gloria, A. M., Robinson Kurpius, S. E., Hamilton, K., & Willson, M. S. (1999). African American students’ persistence at a predominantly White university: Influences of so- cial support, university comfort, and self-beliefs. Journal of College Student Develop- ment, 40, 257–268.
Haveman, R., & Smeeding, T. (2006). The role of higher education in social mobility. The Future of Children, 16, 125–150.
Hersh, R. H. (2005, November). What does college teach? The Atlantic Monthly.
Hoffman, J. L. (2002). The impact of student co-curricular involvement on student suc- cess: Racial and religious differences. Journal of College Student Development, 43, 712–739.
Hossler, D. (2000). The role of financial aid in enrollment management. New Direction for Student Services, 89, 77–90
Hossler, D., & Bean, J. P. (1990). The strategic management of college enrollments. San francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Hurtado, S., & Carter, D. (1997). Effects of college transition and perceptions of the racial climate on Latino college students’ sense of belonging. Sociology of Education, 70, 324–345.
Ishitani, T. T., & DesJardins, S. L. (2002). A longitudinal investigation of dropout from college in the United States. Journal of College Student Retention, 4, 173–201.
kezar, A., & Moriarty, D. (2000). Expanding our understanding of student leadership de- velopment: A study exploring gender and ethnic identity. Journal of College Student Development, 41, 55–68.
kinzie, J., Gonyea, R., Shoup, R., & kuh, G. (2008). Promoting persistence and success of underrepresented students. Lessons for teaching and learning. New Directions for Teaching and Learning, 115, 21–38.
Knox, W. E., Lindsay, P., & Kolb, M. N. (1992). Higher education, college characteristics, and student experiences: Long-term effects on educational satisfactions and percep- tions. The Journal of Higher Education, 63, 303–328.
komives, S. R., Longerbeam, S., Owen, J. O., Mainella, f. C., & Osteen, L. (2006). A leadership identity development model: Applications from a grounded theory. Journal of College Student Development, 47, 401–418.
kreft, I. G. (1996). Are multilevel techniques necessary? An overview including simulation studies (Unpublished manuscript). California State University, Los Angeles.
kuh, G. D., Cruce, T. M., Shoup, R., kinzie, J., & Gonyea, R. M. (2008). Unmasking the effects of student engagement on first-year college grades and persistence. The Journal of Higher Education, 79, 540–563.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼822 The Journal of Higher Education
kuncel, N. R., Credé, M., & Thomas, L. L. (2005). The validity of self-reported grade point averages, class ranks, and test scores: A meta-analysis and review of the literature. Review of Educational Research, 75, 63–82.
Leppel, K. (2002). Similarities and differences in the college persistence of men and wom- en. The Review of Higher Education, 25, 433–450.
Long, J. S. (1997). Regression models for categorical and limited dependent variables. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publications.
Lumina Foundation (2009). A stronger nation through higher education: How and why Amer- icans must meet a “big goal” for college attainment. Retrieved February 1, 2010, from http://www.luminafoundation.org/publications/A_stronger_nation_through_higher_ education.pdf
Milem, J., & Berger, J. (1997). A modified model of college student persistence: Exploring the relationship between Astin’s theory of involvement and Tinto’s theory of student departure. Journal of College Student Development, 38, 387–400.
Miville, M. L., Gelso, C. J., Pannu, R., Liu, W., Touradji, P., Holloway, P., & fuertes, J. (1999). Appreciating similarities and valuing differences: The Miville-Guzman Univer- sality-Diversity Scale. Journal of Counseling Psychology, 46, 291–307.
Murtaugh, P. A., Burns, L. D., & Schuster, J. (1999). Predicting the retention of university students. Research in Higher Education, 40, 355–371.
National Center for Educational Statistics (NCES). (2003). The condition of education 2003. Washington, DC: U.S. Department of Education.
Nora, A., & Cabrera, A. (1996). The role of perceptions of prejudice and discrimination on the adjustment of minority students to college. The Journal of Higher Education, 67, 119–148.
Obama, B. (2009). Remarks of President Barack Obama—Address to Joint Session of Congress. Retrieved October 20, 2009, from http://www.whitehouse.gov/the_press_ office/Remarks-of-President-Barack-Obama-Address-to-Joint-Session-of-Congress/
Pascarella, E. T., Blaich, C., Martin, G. L., & Hanson, J .M. (2011). How robust are the findings of Academically Adrift? Change: The Magazine of Higher Learning, 43, 20–24.
Pascarella, E. T., Salisbury, M. H., & Blaich, C. (2011). Exposure to effective instruction and college persistence: A multi-institutional replication and extension. Journal of Col- lege Student Development, 52(1), 4–19.
Pascarella, E. T., Seifert, T. A., & Whitt, E. J. (2008). Effective instruction and college student persistence: Some new evidence. New Directions for Teaching and Learning, 115, 55–70.
Pascarella, E. T., & Terenzini, P. T. (1991). How college affects students: Findings and insights from twenty years of research. San francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Pascarella, E. T., & Terenzini, P. T. (2005). How college affects students: A third decade of research (Vol. 2). San francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Pascarella, E. T., Wolniak, G. C., Seifert, T. A., Cruce, T. M, & Blaich, C. f. (2005). Lib- eral arts colleges and liberal arts education: New evidence on impacts. ASHE Higher Education Report (vol. 31, No. 3). San francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Paulsen, M. B., & Smart, J. C. (Eds.) (2001). The finance of higher education: Theory, research, policy, and practice. New York, NY: Agathon Press.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Learning and Persistence 823
Paulsen, M. B., & St. John, E. P. (2002). Social class and college costs: Examining the financial nexus between college choice and persistence. The Journal of Higher Educa- tion, 73, 189–236.
Perna, L. W. (2003). The private benefits of higher education: An examination of the earn- ings premium. Research in Higher Education, 44, 451–471.
Peterson, T. (1985). A comment on presenting results from logit and probit models. Ameri- can Sociological Review, 50, 130–131.
Pierson, C. T., Wolniak, G. C., Pascarella, E. T., & flowers, L. A. (2003). Impacts of two-year and four-year college attendance on learning orientations. Review of Higher Education, 26, 299–321.
Reason, R. D. (2009). An examination of persistence research through the lens of a com- prehensive conceptual framework. Journal of College Student Development, 50, 659– 682.
Rest, J. R., Narvaez, D., Bebeau, M. J., & Thomas, S. J. (1999). Postconventional moral thinking: A Neo-Kohlbergian approach. Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, Inc.
St. John, E. P. (Ed.). (2006). Public policy and educational opportunity: School reforms, postsecondary encouragement, and sate policies on postsecondary education. Readings on Equal Education (Vol. 21). New York, NY: AMS Press.
The White House. (n.d.). Retrieved October 22, 2009, from http://www.whitehouse.gov/ issues/education/
Tinto, v. (1975). Dropout from higher education: A theoretical synthesis of recent re- search. Review of Educational Research, 45, 89–125.
Tinto, v. (2006). Research and practice of student retention: What next? Journal of Col- lege Student Retention: Research, Theory, and Practice, 8, 1–19.
Titus, M. A. (2006). Understanding the influence of the financial aid context of institutions on student persistence at four-year colleges and universities. The Journal of Higher Education, 77, 353–375.
Tyree, T. M. (1998). Designing an instrument to measure socially responsible leadership using the social change model of leadership development (Unpublished doctoral dis- sertation). University of Maryland, College Park.
Weidman, J. C. (1989). Undergraduate socialization: A conceptual approach. In J. C. Smart (Ed.), Higher education: Handbook of theory and research (pp. 289–322). New York, NY: Agathon Press.
Zhao, C-M., & kuh, G. D. (2004). Adding value: Learning communities and student en- gagement. Research in Higher Education, 45, 115–138.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.






TITLE: The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6



￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Luciana Dar
The Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy
Despite the growing demand for higher education in the United States, there has been a steady decrease in public financial support as a share of states’ income, as a policy priority, and as a share of overall insti- tutional costs (Toutkoushian, 2009). In fact, as the private benefits going to those who attend college keep growing, as politicians realize that higher education can find funds elsewhere, and as fiscal pressures build to focus on other public needs, the fairness of and very need for government subsidies for higher education have come under scrutiny (kane, Orszag, & Apostolov, 2005; McLendon & Mokher, 2009; ved- der, 2007). These trends have been followed by increased demand for accountability and the reshaping of the nature of the relationship be- tween institutions and state governments (Zumeta, 2000). Most impor- tantly, following broader trends in U.S. politics, higher education policy debates have become more contentious and polarized, with a growing focus on the instrumental benefits of higher education, to the detriment of the collective and redistributional roles of public investments in the tertiary sector (McCarty, Poole, & Rosenthal, 2006; McMahon, 2009; St. John & Parsons, 2004).
While the policy shift in favor of the growing role of the private sec- tor and private financing in higher education has received a lot of atten-
This research was supported by the ASHE/Lumina Foundation dissertation fellowship and the UC ACCORD dissertation grant. The author thanks Susanne Lohmann, James DeNardo, José Luis Santos, Laura Perna, and Brad Curs for their comments on earlier drafts. Matthew Spence provided outstanding support for this research.
Luciana Dar is an assistant professor in the Graduate School of Education, Univer- sity of California, Riverside.
The Journal of Higher Education, vol. 83, No. 6 (November/December) Copyright © 2012 by The Ohio State University
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼770 The Journal of Higher Education
tion, scholars and policymakers have been less interested in questions such as: Why are governments’ overall amounts and type of spending on higher education often misaligned with national and subnational economic and social needs? How do political dynamics affect the cost- sharing implications of some of the policy solutions currently adopted in the tertiary sector? Why do we see a rise in preferences for narrow vocational education programs, when employers increasingly demand workers with a broader and flexible range of skills? (Bauerlein, 2010). To answer these, one must sort out the links between political prefer- ences, political-economic institutions, and higher education policy.
Indeed, recent scholarship has shown that politics matters in higher education policy outcomes, but much less is known about how it mat- ters. The effects of public opinion, politicians’ preferences, and politi- cal institutions vary according to the context, timing, and nature of the higher education policy under evaluation (Barrilleaux, Holbrook, & Langer, 2002; Besley & Case, 2003; Rigby, 2007). In this paper, I take on one piece of this process and ask the question: How does the distri- bution of political preferences shape higher education policy decisions?
I argue that an explanation of how politics matters may be found in the multidimensional character of higher education as both a pro- vider of public and private goods and its diverse sources of financial support. Government spending on and regulation of higher education disproportionately transfers resources across different income groups, from the general population to those that have access to these educa- tional services (Doyle, 2007b; Heller, 2005). At the same time, govern- ment spending on universities also provides collective benefits, some of which are clear public goods (e.g., cancer research). Either of these two characteristics may become more salient (i.e., important to politicians and the general public) and have effects on who supports various types of funding or regulation at a particular point in time.
Informed by the theoretical positive political economy literature, I propose an analytical framework to help understand political dynam- ics in higher education policy. The next section presents the model and, informed by recent higher education scholarship, describes how spatial models of political competition may be applied to higher education is- sues. The third section offers an application of the model by explor- ing the relationship between the distribution of political preferences in the California state legislature and higher education spending decisions. The last section concludes with a discussion of the potential applica- tions of this analytical framework for higher education research and policy.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy 771 Theoretical Framework: A Spatial Representation of Higher Education
Spatial models of politics have been part of the toolset of economists and political scientists for more than a generation. The median voter model continues to be the “workhorse” of political economists and the foundation of a large body of literature assuming that competition for office leads candidates and parties to choose policies that most closely align with the interests of the median voter (Besley & Case, 2003). Re- fined versions of this framework have been successfully used to explain the politics of policy dynamics in various contexts, including fiscal policy, policy gridlock, abortion, and health care policy (Ainsworth & Hall, 2011; Alt & Lowry, 2000; McCarty et al., 2006; volden, 2006).1 Nonetheless, the median voter model is not yet a common theoretical framework in higher education scholarship (Doyle, 2007b). As a result, I describe it in more detail here through an example.
Assuming that there is only one issue-area that politicians argue about, e.g., the rate of taxation (from 0 to 100%), every legislator has a preference about what the tax rate should be. This preference may be attributed to personal ideology, constituent preferences or a combination of factors. Then, if we draw a line segment from 0 to 100 and place each legislator at his or her ideal point, such that someone who prefers a tax rate of 50% is at the halfway point on the line, someone who prefers 25% is halfway between 0 and that point and so on. If the actual tax rate is exactly at a legislator’s ideal point, he or she is satisfied. As the actual tax rate moves away from the legislator’s ideal point in either direction, the legislator becomes increasingly unsatisfied. If a legislator prefers 25%, he or she is equally unsatisfied if the actual rate is 20% or 30%, as they are the same distance away from his or her ideal, and he or she is even more unsatisfied if the actual rate is 15% or 35%. The technical phrase for this phenomenon is that legislators have symmetric single- peaked preferences.
Now, using these ideal points, we can make predictions about legisla- tor voting behavior. Suppose that there are five legislators with varying tax rate preferences (one prefers 10%, another 20%, a third 30%, a fourth 40%, and the last 50%) and that the status quo tax rate is 42%. If a bill comes before the legislature cutting taxes to 25%, it will pass with three votes: the three legislators who prefer 10%, 20%, and 30% will all vote yes, as the bill moves the actual tax rate closer to their ideal points; the 40% and 50% legislators will vote no, as the bill moves the tax rate away from their ideal points. A “low-tax” coalition has formed to pass this bill.
If the legislators consider another issue-area, we simply add another dimension to our spatial model. Say the legislators now decide to imple-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼772 The Journal of Higher Education
ment a tariff on imported goods; we add an “up-down” dimension to our “left-right” dimension to get a two-dimensional Cartesian plane, and legislator ideal points can be mapped based on tax preferences (“left- right”) and tariff preferences (“up-down”). Additional issue-areas can be mapped to additional dimensions, such that each issue can be asso- ciated with one dimension in the space (Hinich & Munger, 1997). The policy space ultimately depends on which policy issues are salient, how issue-areas are linked, and which sample of legislators is included. For example, although liberal state legislators in the northeastern states usu- ally favor more spending on financial aid, the opposite is true in west- ern states due to size of postsecondary enrollment in private institutions (Doyle, in press).
Based on assumptions about behavior and preferences in the spa- tial model, Poole and Rosenthal (2007), using scaling methods, have developed a nonpartisan measure of the ideological positions of leg- islators. The authors gathered historical data on roll call votes for the U.S. Congress and were able to produce scores for all legislators that are comparable over time. Their extensive empirical analyses of vot- ing patterns over 200 years have shown that most issues fall within the standard left-right continuum, that is, conflict over redistribution or the extent to which governments should interfere in markets. Legislators tend to “bunch together” into a group favoring redistribution or into a group opposing it. This means that, when analyzing two different policy areas, legislators close to each other in the “space” are likely to support the same set of policies. For example, legislators in favor of universal health care usually vote for increases in spending on welfare programs.
Figure 1 presents two hypothetical distributions of legislators in the standard left-right continuum. The first shows a larger concentration of moderates whereas the second presents a hypothetical legislature with members at the extremes of the political spectrum. The latter constitutes a polarized legislature, in which there are wider differences in policy preferences among its members. The political and policy implications of each distribution have been the center of much of the recent scholarship in U.S. politics and comparative political economy (Bartels, 2008; Mc- Carthy et al., 2006; Smith, 2007).
Using the standard left-right economic dimension as a reference, Figure 2 presents a hypothetical distribution of ordered policy prefer- ences in higher education. On the extreme left, a hypothetical legisla- tor supports, for example, significant government investment in higher education, an extensive system of public universities, free tuition, and open access. In sum, higher education would be provided in the same fashion as k–12 education, which governments have a responsibility to
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy 773
￼￼￼Fig. 1. A hypothetical distribution of legislators with more moderate members compared to one with a more polarized membership.
Fig. 2. An illustration of the one-dimensional higher education policy space, reflect- ing the standard left-right ideological spectrum from more to less government intervention in the economy (spending, provision of services, regulation).
offer to all. This set of preferences aligns with a social justice orienta- tion in educational priorities that favors the least advantaged in society, informed by the work of political theorists such as John Rawls (St. John & Parsons, 2004).
In comparison, a hypothetical moderate legislator would be more likely to support a version of the current U.S. system of public, private non-profit, and private for-profit universities.2 In this case, public fund- ing would be coupled with private sources of support for students. Af- firmative action in admissions would be common practice, as would government regulation of the private sector. Finally, an extreme con- servative would support only the private provision of higher education, merit-based aid programs (if any), and admission to universities only on a competitive basis. Here, the theoretical foundations for these prefer- ences have their origins in the utilitarian tradition from economics.
There are many issue dimensions in higher education, but most of the time policy preferences align with what will be called herein a “redis- tributive dimension” (i.e., policies invariably involve some transfer of
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Number of Legislators
Number of Legislators
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼774 The Journal of Higher Education
resources from one group of constituents to another through government spending, subsidization, or regulation). Poole and Rosenthal’s (2007) work provides ample evidence to support this assumption. McCarty, Poole, and Rosenthal (2006) also show the growing salience of income in determining voter and legislators’ preferences, making contemporary legislation disproportionately focused on redistributive issues (i.e., fi- nancial aid for low-income students). As a result, one can assume that a legislator who supports a public system of universities is also likely to favor spending on need-based aid for students. Conversely, a legislator who thinks that universities are too liberal or inefficient is also likely to support merit-based financial aid.
The one-dimensional representation of conflict over redistribution provides a powerful and parsimonious tool by which to understand how politicians make choices in higher education policy. However, by using the standard left-right ideological continuum, inconsistent policy posi- tions emerge in many instances. For example, conservatives may not support increases in the funding for need-based aid programs in post- secondary education because they either dislike programs targeting the poor, in principle, or they believe that support for higher educa- tion should be based on merit.3 Alternatively, conservatives may prefer spending on need-based student aid to spending on public universities, based on the argument that market mechanisms of financing higher edu- cation are preferable to the public provision of services by governments.
Another classic example of apparent ideological overlap is public spending on community colleges. Within the higher education budget across states, community colleges tend to receive support from both sides of the political spectrum, and spending levels are much more likely to be protected during recessions (Callan, 2002; Center for the Study of Education Policy, 2006). However, there are differences in mo- tivations behind this apparent agreement over spending priorities. Liber- als support community colleges because they consider these institutions to be a fundamental instrument of access to higher education, and hence social mobility, for lower-income students. In contrast, conservatives tend to support community colleges due to their cost-effectiveness and contribution to workforce development.
I propose that, unlike many other policy areas, to understand politi- cal competition in higher education, one must concurrently consider two issue dimensions: the aforementioned “redistributive dimension” and what will be called herein a “public good” dimension. Given that higher education provides both public and private goods leading to public and private benefits, policymakers keep these two dimensions in mind, or consider them separately conditional on economic or political circum-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy 775
stances, whenever they make decisions related to spending and regula- tion. Indeed, economists of higher education have pointed out the dif- ficulty in identifying the public/private costs and benefits, within each function of higher education, and the inevitable trade-offs between price, size of public subsidy and quality (Archibald & feldman, 2010).
In the first case (the redistributive dimension), there is a transfer of resources, through taxation or regulation, from the whole population to a particular group, specifically college students and their families. This transfer can be more or less regressive. The distributional outcome depends on the overall tax system and how states choose to spend on higher education, either by subsidizing various types of institutions or students through need-based or merit-based aid or by providing tax breaks (Doyle, 2007b; Heller, 2005). This dimension also can encom- pass policy choices that involve more or less government intervention in the higher education sector. For example, the establishment of perfor- mance-based accountability requirements influences institutional goals and priorities, hence affecting spending patterns (Alexander, 2000).
In the second case (the public good dimension), politicians take into consideration that the transfer of resources from taxpayers to higher education produces benefits for the whole population through positive externalities and other collective benefits. These may include classic public goods, such as medical breakthroughs, or collective goods, such as less income inequality and poverty or more state economic growth and development (Aghion et al., 2005; Boix, 2003).4 Other perceived public benefits of higher education include better social indicators (e.g., less crime, better health, a bigger tax base, civic engagement) in states or countries with higher levels of education (Baum & Ma, 2007).
Figure 3 provides a representation of the two issue dimensions using the spatial analogy. Here, two hypothetical legislators could be at the same level, that is, in agreement over preferred policy positions, in the vertical dimension of the graph. In this case, they agree on overall fi- nancial support for higher education. In contrast, they can differ on how to spend the allocated resources, which would be represented by dif- ferent positions in the horizontal dimension. One might prefer targeted redistributive policies, reflected by choosing to spend on need-based aid combined with higher tuition, while the other might support low tuition for all students. The former would be located closer to the center of the spectrum, as compared to the latter. Alternatively, two hypothetical conservative legislators may agree that any higher education spending should take place through market mechanisms (preference for spend- ing on student aid over spending on public universities) but differ in their views over the share of public funds that should be committed to
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Redistributive Dimension
Left
Right
Higher Education: means to provide equality of opportunity, government should transfer resources to needy and under represented students
Higher Education: transfer of government resources based on merit and focus on economic returns of spending
Public Good Dimension
Fig. 3. An illustration of the two-dimensional higher education policy space. The “redistributive dimension” reflects the standard left-right ideological spectrum from more to less government intervention in the economy. The “public good” dimension represents legislators’ policy preferences over higher education as a producer of economic externalities and public benefits.
Higher Education is a Public Good: economic development, educated workforce, civic engagement, better social indicators
Higher Education is a Private Good:
Benefits accrue mainly to the individual through higher salaries, health and wealth creation
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy 777
higher education. In this case, the former would be placed rightward in the upper right quadrant while the other also rightward but in the lower right quadrant.5
This representation of higher education policymaking helps explain one of the most puzzling characteristics of political dynamics in this field: the great instability of partisan and ideological positions across states/countries and over time. A multidimensional approach leads to a much more complex web of possible political coalitions and cyclical changes in discourse on the role and relevance of higher education and, most importantly, on determining who should pay for it. This frame- work may serve as a starting point for more complex analyses that in- corporate the mediating effects of institutional constraints and political competition (Besley & Case, 2003; Porterba, 1994; Rizzo, 2006). In the next section, I present an application of the model and explore how political ideology may affect state higher education spending decisions and budgetary trade-offs.
Empirical Illustration: Ideology and State Support
Recent scholarly research has shown that there are clear ideological and partisan differences in legislators’ views on higher education is- sues. Doyle (2010) estimated U.S. senators’ preferences based on roll call votes and found that, as previously shown by Poole and Rosenthal (2007), for other policy areas, their ideal points fall along a recogniz- able left-right continuum. Despite these results, research on the political determinants of higher education spending still offers conflicting evi- dence about the direction and relevance of the relationship between po- litical ideology and various measures of state spending on higher educa- tion (see McLendon et al., in press, for an comprehensive review).
The usual hypothesis put forth in this literature is that liberals are more likely to spend on higher education in absolute terms and as a share of states’ budgets (Archibald & feldman, 2006; McLendon et al., 2009; Nicholson-Crotty & Meier, 2003; Tandberg, 2010a; Weerts & Ronca, in press). Many of these contributions use a measure of the ideology of a state’s citizens rather than the ideological preferences of state legislators (Berry, Ringquist, Fording, & Hanson, 1998). The as- sumption is that there is a clear relationship between public opinion and legislators’ choices about spending and policy (Erickson, Wright, & Mc- Iver, 1993). The effect of the preferences of legislators themselves is tested through various measures of partisanship (share of the legislature or unified institutional control). The findings from these studies vary widely, without a discernible pattern for the direction or relevance of the relationship.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼778 The Journal of Higher Education
There are three limitations to this empirical strategy. First, research in political science has shown that citizen and legislator ideological prefer- ences may diverge due to the nature of electoral institutions in the U.S. (Cox & katz, 2002) and that partisanship and legislators’ ideological preferences may not be aligned, depending on the legislature and the pe- riod under consideration (McCarthy et al., 2006). As a result, the impact of legislators’ ideological preferences on spending decisions varies with political institutions, and outcomes frequently diverge from the prefer- ences of the median voter (Besley & Case, 2003).
Second, both liberals and conservatives may favor more spending but for different reasons. It may be that liberals see universities as a neces- sary condition for social mobility, but they also can favor k–12 spend- ing or perceive higher education spending as a transfer of resources to middle- and upper-middle-income families. Alternatively, conservatives may focus on the economic benefits of higher education (e.g., state eco- nomic growth, technological competitiveness), preferring to spend on workforce development rather than on welfare; or, as argued by Doyle (2007b), their strategy may be a conscious one for the purpose of subsi- dizing specific groups of the population.
Finally, as argued here, political competition in higher education hap- pens in a multidimensional policy space. As such, the role of political ideology in spending decisions may vary, depending on the relative sa- lience of the redistributive versus public good dimensions, which are affected by variables such as economic conditions, electoral cycles, and competing policy priorities as well as by the distribution of legislators across the ideological continuum.
Assuming that the relative salience of the two dimensions is con- stant, one can focus on the relationship between political ideology and state spending, given a different distribution of ideological positions.6 As shown in Figure 1, the distribution of political preferences can be more or less polarized, that is, there may be more legislators who hold extreme positions on issues (e.g., “higher education is mainly a private good,” “spending on student aid should be based on merit alone”) or a higher concentration of moderates (e.g., “financing of higher education should happen through a combination of public and private sources”). Here, polarization describes how much liberals and conservatives di- verge on their policy preferences and not how electorally vulnerable legislators are or how closely divided the legislature is.
A more polarized distribution of political preferences has a few im- portant implications, which are extensively documented in the politi- cal science literature (McCarthy et al., 2006). for example, there is an increase in the political clout of single-issue groups and shifts of focus
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy 779
toward single issues, instead of the broader trade-offs involved in poli- cymaking. There is an increase in political gridlock, limiting the likeli- hood of policy change or policy choices that involve complex coalition building (Rigby & Wright, 2008). In higher education, examples of the emergence of powerful single-issue groups can be found in the growing contentiousness of the debates over affirmative action in admissions and in state tuition for illegal immigrants.
Polarization of political preferences also leads to an increase in legis- lative gridlock and disagreement over various spending choices. In light of the model proposed here and empirical evidence in the political sci- ence and higher education literatures, the growing polarization of po- litical preferences has, hypothetically, two main implications for higher education spending decisions. First, as politicians move to the extremes of the ideological spectrum, political competition takes place mainly in the redistributive dimension, while the public good dimension of higher education becomes less salient. As a result, there is less overlap in pol- icy preferences between conservatives and liberals, leaving less room for compromise. Second, the very idea of higher education’s being a public good comes into question, giving clout to the argument that sub- sidies should be more targeted (Vedder, 2007).
In sum, polarization of political preferences leads to what can be un- derstood as one-dimensional thinking. Here, preferences become more limited as well as focused on single issues. Multidimensional thinking, in which there is room to assess the various trade-offs involved in state spending decisions in regard to higher education, becomes much less common. Both Democrats and Republicans in a polarized environment will look at the redistributive dimension over the public good dimen- sion, and because higher education is not a platform issue for either party (that is, each party has ideological reasons both to support and to oppose higher education spending), there will be decreased support for higher education (McLendon & Mokher, 2009; Rigby & Wright, 2008).
figures 4 and 5 show how the political polarization of ideological preferences can be represented in the higher education policy space. Figure 4 is a hypothetical distribution of preferences where there is more overlap in the distribution of liberal and conservative legislators, that is, some have similar policy positions on higher education issues. figure 5 presents a hypothetical highly polarized distribution of ideo- logical preferences, whereby liberals view higher education spending as a public good but also believe that spending should transfer resources to the lower-income segments of the population. Conservatives in this sce- nario think that public funding for higher education should be minimal
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Left
Liberals
Private Good
Right
More Moderates Public Good
Fig. 4. Hypothetical distribution of legislators’ policy preferences in a two-dimensional space.
Conservatives
More Extremists Public Good
￼￼￼￼Liberals
￼Left
Right
￼Private Good
Conservatives
Fig. 5. The effects of hypothetical increase in polarization on the distribu- tion of legislators’ policy preferences in a two-dimensional space.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy 781
and that any public funding should follow more market-oriented models of financing.
Based on the previous discussion, one can expect that, as political po- larization increases, states’ commitment to higher education as a share of income and of states’ budgets will decrease. I test this argument here using California data from 1976 to 2006. California has led the national trend, whereby the electorate has become more partisan and ideologi- cally polarized (Jacobson, 2004). It is, in many ways, a microcosm of the U.S. as a whole. California has achieved high levels of partisan- ship, most legislatures’ general elections are predetermined, and there is no serious contest in assembly general elections by the two parties (Masket, 2009). Rather, there is a weakening of the electoral connection (Fiorina, 1999).
California is presently also the only state for which roll-call data are available for an extended period of years. As a result, I was able to obtain state-level legislative ideology scores, making it a much more representative measure of trends in political preferences, independent of partisanship. Having a Democratic-controlled legislature throughout this period has also enhanced my confidence in the importance of the relationship between political polarization and state higher education support trends observed.
Data
Data for the illustration provided in this section come from various sources. A table containing a description and sources can be found in the Appendix.
Dependent Variables
This paper uses two measures of state support for higher education. The first measure is the share allocated to higher education in Califor- nia’s state budget, more specifically, total higher education appropria- tions as a share of state general fund expenditures. This variable tracks yearly change in the share of the state budget allocated to current op- erations for higher education; hence, it does not include capital expen- ditures or debt services. This is a commonly used proxy measure for higher education’s position relative to a state’s other policy priorities (Tandberg, 2010b).
Looking at the relative share of the budget allocated to higher educa- tion reveals the explicit and implicit trade-offs faced by legislators when formulating the budget (Gordon, 2007). Certainly, funding requirements from ballot initiatives and federal-state partnerships in entitlement
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼782 The Journal of Higher Education
spending increasingly mandate specific levels of funding, which should lessen the amount of discretionary funding available; yet, California legislators have shown a willingness to borrow and spend beyond their revenue base. In allocating money, legislators reveal their latent pref- erences about how much they value each spending category, including higher education.
Most importantly, this measure also can be construed as a preliminary indicator of the redistributive dimension of higher education. That is, as legislators decide budget priorities, they also reveal their preferences re- garding how to allocate resources across the various policy areas. They also reveal their preferences in regard to the trade-offs between provid- ing collective or particularized benefits through policy expenditures (Ja- coby & Schneider, 2001). This trade-off at one point in time is what I capture with the relative share dependent variable.
The second is a common measure of overall state commitment to higher education widely used in the literature: tax fund appropriations per $1,000 of state personal income. This measure tracks, in real terms, how much of the state’s wealth the California government is allocat- ing to higher education. I use it as a proxy measure for the public good dimension discussed in the model.7 Like most used indicators for state commitment to higher education, this measure has limitations. Increases in personal income observed in the past three decades have many causes unrelated to higher education, thus, one must be cautious. However, it remains a good proxy for my goals to ascertain legislators’ willingness to commit a share of overall income in a particular point in time.
Independent Variables
The key variable in the hypothesis set forth here is the level of politi- cal polarization in the California state legislature. To measure legislators’ ideological and policy differences, I use Poole and Rosenthal’s (2007) method of analyzing the roll-call votes.8 Employing a technique similar to factor analysis, the authors constructed coordinate variables that place each member of the legislature in a vote-predicting space (DW-NOMI- NATE scores). Essentially, each legislator is given a score, which lines them up on a single dimension, and like-minded legislators get scores that group together. The first dimension scores locate most legislators’ ideological divisions on major issues quite well. The great advantage of this measure is that it is comparable across legislatures and over time, permitting consistent analyses of cross-sectional and time trends.
The polarization measure comes from looking at the distance between the average party scores. first, I take the average the DW-NOMINATE scores of all Democratic state representatives, then the average of all
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy 783
Republican state representatives. Then I calculate the distance between these two (the absolute value of the difference between the Republican and the Democratic average). The data for California follow the national trend of increasingly polarized legislative bodies (Gordon et al., 2004; Jacobson, 2004).
Democratic Party Strength is a continuous measure of the proportion of Democrats in both chambers of the legislature. Most of the higher education literature on party effects on spending decisions hypothesizes that Democrats are more likely to spend than are Republicans (McLen- don et al., 2009). Here, the variable controls for independent partisan effects.
Although the main variable of interest is political polarization, I con- trol for the separate effect of Government Ideology as well. The variable is the average of the DW-NOMINATE scores for the entire legislature. However, the proposed model leads to the hypothesis that political ide- ology matters only insofar as how it is distributed and not as determined by the mean or median position of the overall legislature. The model also includes standard measures controlling for economic cycles and the nature of budgeting in higher education. These variables are State Rev- enue per Capita, Unemployment, and Tuition at four-year institutions (lagged).
Other potentially relevant variables explored in the literature are not reported here because they were insignificant across various specifica- tions, and their inclusion in the model did not change, in any substan- tive way, the findings (party of the governor, unified democratic control, public postsecondary enrollment, and share of the population 18–24).
Methods and Results
The model presented here is a time-series regression analysis using a Newey-West covariance matrix to account for the autocorrelation com- mon in datasets with government spending variables (Greene, 2005). This estimation technique provides standard errors that are robust to the presence of autocorrelation. Other applicable estimation techniques were attempted as robustness checks (regression with a lagged depen- dent variable, Prais-Winsten, AR (1), and first-difference regression) in an effort to control in other ways for autocorrelation, heteroskedasticity, and other common structures in time-series data. Importantly, the main findings remained consistent across specifications. Tables 1 and 2 pres- ent the results.
The results confirm the hypothesized relationship between political polarization on higher education spending, both as a share of the state’s
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 1
The Impact of Polarization on State Higher Education Spending 1976–2006
(Intercept)
0.1862*** (0.0131) -0.0005 (0.0010) -0.0009 (0.0018) -0.0088*** (0.0009)
0.1807*** (0.0119) -0.0007 (0.0009) -0.0019 (0.0016) -0.0079*** (0.0009)
23.8725*** (4.5377) -0.2527** (0.0774)
20.1841*** (4.6753) -0.2984*** (0.0734) -0.0513 (0.2286) -0.7322*** (0.1409)
Unemployment
State revenue per capita (in $1000)
0.1940 (0.2979) -0.8839*** (0.1616)
Lagged tuition (in $1000)
Polarization (Mean party scores)
0.0416*** (0.0044) -0.0000 (0.0000) -0.0483** (0.0166)
7.8851*** (2.0309) -0.0010 (0.0042) -3.4876 (5.5888)
Legislator ideology
0.0000 (0.0000) -0.0341† (0.0169) -0.0431*** (0.0057)
-0.0010 (0.0039) 1.6301 (5.1621)
Democratic strength
Polarization (Median party scores)
-6.5519**
N R2
(2.1701) 30 30 30 30
Adj. R2 Resid. Sd
0.8881 0.8572 0.6005 0.6784
Note. Robust standard errors in parentheses
† significant at p < 0.10; * p < 0.05; ** p < 0.01; *** p < 0.001
HE Share (1)
HE Share (2)
Approp (1)
Approp (2)
0.9650 0.9649 0.9559 0.9558 0.0035 0.0035
0.9113 0.8867
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 2
Robustness Checks for Table 1
(Intercept)
Unemployment
State revenue per capita (in $1000) Lagged tuition (in $1000) Polarization (Mean party scores) Legislator ideology
Democratic strength
Lagged HE share
0.1851*** (0.0247) -0.0006 (0.0006)
0.1903*** (0.0278) -0.0007 (0.0006) -0.0043* (0.0019) -0.0050*** (0.0015) -0.0385* (0.0175)
0.1486*** (0.0253) -0.0010 (0.0009) -0.0014 (0.0015) -0.0054* (0.0024) -0.0367*** (0.0043)
-0.0000 (0.0008) 0.0001 (0.0009)
21.3086*** (4.1594) -0.2746* (0.1069)
18.7776*** (4.4154) -0.2694* (0.1130) -0.1669 (0.3161) -0.7504*** (0.2304) -4.2690† (2.4974) -0.0011 (0.0041)
14.5467*** (1.5661) -0.3036*** (0.0657) -0.0944 (0.1617) -0.3140* (0.1498) -5.2723*** (0.7777) -0.0003 (0.0031)
-0.0533 (0.1516) -0.2656 (0.1586) -0.1685 (0.4793) -0.0003 (0.0004) -1.5568 (3.8712) 0.0016 (0.0042) 0.0650 (5.4959)
Note. Robust standard errors in parentheses
† significant at p < 0.10; * p < 0.05; ** p < 0.01; *** p < 0.001
Prais-Winsten
AR(1)
HE Share Lagged Dv
First- Differenced
Prais-Winsten
AR(1)
Appropriations Lagged Dv
First- Differenced
0.0017 (0.0018) -0.0083*** (0.0011) -0.0412** (0.0116)
-0.0011 (0.0026) -0.0000* (0.0000) -0.375† (0.0211)
0.0263 (0.3008) -0.8107*** (0.1884) -6.5685** (1.9857) -0.0010 (0.0048)
0.0000 (0.0000) 0.0435 (0.0301)
0.0000 (0.0000) 0.0556† (0.0284)
0.0000 (0.0000)
0.0001* (0.0000) 0.0654* (0.0300)
0.0479** (0.0141)
0.3462 (4.9908)
1.0984 (4.8790)
0.5329 (2.2226)
0.3268 (0.2085)
0.4644*** (0.1083)
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼786 The Journal of Higher Education
budget and per $1,000 of state personal income. The fact that different measures of higher education spending showed evidence of a statisti- cally significant relationship offers preliminary support for the argument that, as politicians become more polarized, higher education becomes a loser in the competition for states’ funds.9
Another finding from the analysis is that Democratic strength in the California legislature is a significant and negative predictor of the share of state expenditures appropriated to higher education. This means that, as the share of Democrats in the legislature increases, higher educa- tion’s share of the budget diminishes. There are two possible hypotheses for this observed pattern. first, it may be the case that Democrats indeed prefer expenditures on programs clearly targeted toward low-income constituents (e.g., welfare, k–12 education). As the Democratic share of the state legislature increases, these preferences are reflected in spend- ing choices. Alternatively, as political competition in the legislature in- creases, there is pressure for compromise in spending priorities. As ar- gued earlier in this paper, the ability to compromise is fundamental for decisions related to higher education. This result invites further quan- titative and qualitative investigation. A study by Weerts and Ronca (in press) offers empirical evidence for both arguments in comprehensive comparative analysis of state support for higher education by Carnegie class.
In comparison, Democratic strength turned out to be insignificant and negative in the second dependent variable, overall state commitment to higher education. Because spending levels are much more sensitive to economic conditions, it is expected that political variables turn out to be weaker predictors in the model. Nevertheless, this result reinforces the argument that Democrats in California are less likely to support higher education compared to their Republican counterparts. The mechanisms explaining this effect require further investigation.
Legislators’ ideology was negative and insignificant in both models. In light of previous research, this is not surprising. However, the nega- tive coefficient points to differences between the effects of state citi- zens’ liberalism, found to be positive elsewhere, and legislators’ liberal- ism on higher education spending (Doyle, 2007b). Research in political science on the relationship between public opinion and policy decisions can be a rich source to help to understand these mechanisms. Jacoby and Schneider (2001) have shown that the impact of public opinion on policy usually happens through the partisanship of states’ citizens and not through their ideology. Doyle (2007a) has investigated these rela- tionships at the federal level, but they remain unexplored at the state level in the area of higher education.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy 787
Overall, the results provide preliminary evidence supporting the argu- ment that political effects in higher education, due to this policy area’s multidimensionality, are conditional. As states make regulatory and spending decisions, there are competing levels of priorities, both within higher education and between higher education and other state policy areas. The empirical illustration suggests that the role of ideological polarization in higher education’s budgetary fortunes seems to be more relevant than had been previously assumed.
What is the mechanism? Assuming all else constant, if political com- petition in higher education is represented in a two-dimensional space, and not in the usual single left-right economic dimension (Poole & Rosenthal, 2007), then changes in political-economic circumstances (e.g., recessions, rise in income inequality, constituent and legislative ideological polarization) will affect not only overall preferences over redistribution but also the relative salience of the public benefits of in- vestments in higher education. That is, while legislators may consider that investment in higher education produces collective benefits, it is their disagreement over how to redistribute resources that comes to the forefront. If legislators become more ideologically polarized, then the increased difficulty in reaching compromises will disproportionately af- fect discretionary and/or less “important” policy expenditures.
Conclusion
There has been a welcome re-emergence of research on the politics and political economy of higher education. This paper contributes to this effort by proposing a theoretical framework to expand our under- standing of the political dynamics of higher education policy. It high- lights that the complexity of the higher education sector, as a provider of both public and private goods, funded by public and private sources, and often presenting barriers to entry based on academic merit or so- cioeconomic status, is a source of instability in political coalitions and produces ideologically inconsistent combinations of policy preferences.
The paper also advances the argument that the distribution of po- litical preferences has a significant, but often overlooked, impact on higher education spending decisions. Although further comparative re- search is needed, it is clear that dichotomous variables such as parti- san control or composite variables of ideological orientation fall short in explaining the political dynamics of state spending on higher edu- cation. Inconsistency of findings present in the literature may be ex- plained by the instability in political preferences in a multidimensional policy space.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼788 The Journal of Higher Education
Another implication is that scholars must now take an additional step and focus their efforts on understanding the causal mechanisms linking different state characteristics and higher education policies. While we now have comprehensive frameworks to help us sort out broader pat- terns, we still know very little about how each of the proposed explana- tory variables interact, specifically, whether different combinations of political or economic variables can lead to the same results or whether some of these relationships are systematic, linear, and/or symmetric (king, keohane, & verba, 2004; Tandberg, 2010b).
Another practical implication of the theoretical argument set forth here is that policymakers must take into account how policies inevitably change in the legislative process. A better understanding of how politi- cal institutions, political preferences, and constituency demands influ- ence policy outcomes in higher education enables advocates and policy- makers to act strategically and to shape policy accordingly in a way that leads to more desirable outcomes. Scholars must continue to invest time and resources in policy research that offers relevant and applicable in- terventions leading to greater student access and success. However, we must also direct our attention to the various stages of the higher educa- tion policy process, policy feedback from particular financing, and regu- latory choices and their redistributive consequences.
In the context of applied higher education scholarship, this frame- work can bring a fresh perspective to explain existing concerns in the field or to help uncover new or unexplored questions. for example, why are some Hispanic voters and legislators against offering in-state tuition charges to undocumented students? Why does the same legislator or policymaker support a particular policy at a particular point in time but then take the opposite position later on? Why do some states favor merit over need criteria in the design of student financial aid programs?
Finally, we must acknowledge that redistribution through higher educations subsidies, in addition to any other set of economic and so- cial objectives that governments establish at a particular point in time. While there is more agreement across various stakeholder groups over the need to increase postsecondary opportunity for all, the same is not true in regard to how to finance (i.e., public vs. private provision, in- stitutional vs. student support, or access vs. excellence), regulate (i.e., accountability rules, oversight of institutional aid policies, or input vs. output measures for performance), or prioritize among competing alter- natives (i.e., vocational vs. liberal arts education or need vs. merit-based financial aid policies). These cannot be ignored when making recom- mendations of best policy practices in the postsecondary sector.
While themes such as human capital accumulation, efficiency and ac- countability are at the forefront of current higher education policy de-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy 789
bates, the two underlying fundamental questions remain: “Who should pay?” and “Who should benefit?” Neither can be answered without rigorous empirical research on democratic processes and political-eco- nomic institutions. In this regard, this paper makes a theoretical con- tribution to the emerging literature on the political economy of higher education.
Notes
1 Ansolabehere (2006) discusses in detail how political economists have responded to challenges to the spatial framework: “the theory is, in many respects, a work in prog- ress, and its development has proceeded in response to critiques of the consistence of the theory and empirical failings of its predictions” (p. 30).
2 The median policy position would be dependent on which higher education issue is under consideration (e.g., funding, regulation, admissions, financial aid).
3 Merit-based aid to students may be a reward for past accomplishments or an incen- tive to produce desirable behavior, for example, academic achievement in college, spe- cific choice of professions, or staying in their home state after graduation.
4 Evidence of a causal relationship between state spending on higher education and economic growth is still the subject of debate (Wolf, 2002). However, a recent paper shows evidence of a positive relationship between these two variables if the type of spending fits the economic characteristics of a particular state. States close to the “tech- nological frontier” benefit from investments in research universities, whereas states below the average level of technological development observe growth when spending focuses on vocational education (Aghion et al., 2005).
5 As in many other policy areas, one can think of additional dimensions of higher education. One could be a “social issues/moral dimension” close to the common rep- resentation in analytical political science (Hinich & Munger, 1997). In this case, the main issue would be the relative distribution of liberal and conservative scholars in uni- versities and the perceived relevance of the research and teaching conducted at these institutions. There is widespread anecdotal and empirical evidence that faculty is dispro- portionately liberal leaning and that this trend has affected the amount of support that legislators are willing to give to public universities in some states (Schmidt, 2005). Only further empirical analysis using historical roll call votes on higher education policy mat- ters will make it possible to assess the relevance of additional issue dimensions. How- ever, Poole and Rosenthal’s (2007) work provides strong support for the assumption made here that most issues in higher education overlap within the standard left-right economic dimension.
6 Dar & Spence (2009) relaxes this assumption and explores how different political variables, when there are shifts in dimensional salience, affect state higher education spending decisions, through a time-series, cross-sectional analysis of 48 states.
7 Dar (2009) provides a more refined version of how to measure the public good di- mension by splitting up the higher education budget and looking at support for research- intensive universities.
8 I thank Seth Masket and Jeff Lewis for graciously sharing the California DW- NOMINATE data (1976 to 2004) as well as Matt Spence and James Lo for providing assistance in calculating the 2005–2006 scores.
9 As a robustness check, I tried a measure of polarization based on the absolute dif- ference between the median Democratic and median Republican positions. This mea- sure is denoted as Polarization (based on median). The findings were not substantively different from using Polarization (based on mean).
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼790 The Journal of Higher Education References
Aghion, P., Boustan, L., Hoxby, C., & vandenbussche, J. (2005). Exploiting states’ mis- takes to identify the causal impact of higher education on growth (Unpublished manu- script). Harvard University, Cambridge, MA.
Ainsworth, S. H., & Hall, T. E. (2011). Abortion politics in congress: Strategic incremen- talism and policy change. Cambridge, MA: Cambridge University Press.
Alexander, F. K. (2000). The changing face of accountability. The Journal of Higher Edu- cation, 71, 411–431.
Alt, J. E., & Lowry, R. C. (2000). A dynamic model of state budgets outcomes under di- vided partisan government. The Journal of Politics, 62(4), 1035–1069.
Ansolabehere, S. (2006). voters, candidates and parties. In B. R. Weingast & D. A. Witt- man (Eds.), The Oxford Handbook of Political Economy (pp. 29–49). New York, NY: Oxford University Press.
Ansolabehere, S., & Snyder, J. M., Jr. (2000). Valence politics and equilibrium in spatial election models. Public Choice, 103, 327–336.
Archibald, R. B., & feldman, D. H. (2006). State higher education spending and the tax revolt. The Journal of Higher Education, 77, 618–643.
Archibald, R. B., & feldman, D. H. (2010). Why does college cost so much? Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Barrilleaux, C., Holbrook, T. M., & Langer, L. (2002). Electoral competition, legislative balance, and American welfare policy. American Journal of Political Science, 46(2), 415–427.
Bartels, L. (2008). Unequal democracy: The political economy of the new gilded age. New York, NY: Russell Sage Foundation/Princeton University Press.
Bauerlein, M. (2010, March 9). Employers want 18th century skills. The Chronicle of Higher Education. Retrieved from http://chronicle.com/blogPost/Employers-Want- 18th-Century/21687/
Baum, S., & Ma, J. (2007). Education pays. Washington, DC: College Board.
Berry, W. D., Ringquist, E. J., fording, R. C., & Hanson, R. L. (1998). Measuring citizen and government ideology in the American states, 1960–93. American Journal of Politi- cal Science, 42(1), 327–348.
Besley, T., & Case, A. (2003). Political institutions and policy choices: Evidence from the United States. Journal of Economic Literature, 42(1), 7–73.
Boix, C. (2003). Democracy and redistribution. Cambridge, Uk: Cambridge University Press.
Callan, P. M. (2002). Coping with recession: Public policy, economic downturns, and higher education. Paper presented at the ford Policy forum, Aspen, CO, february.
Carnevale, A. P., Nicole, S., & Strohl, J. (2010). Help wanted: Projections of jobs and education requirements through 2018. Washington, DC: Georgetown University, Center for Education and the Workforce.
Center for the Study of Education Policy. (2006). Recession, retrenchment, and recovery: State higher education funding & student financial aid. Normal: Illinois State Univer- sity.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy 791 Cox, G. C., & katz, J. N. (2002). Elbridge Gerry’s salamander: The electoral consequenc-
es of the reapportionment revolution. Cambridge, Uk: Cambridge University Press.
Dar, L. (2009). Politics, inequality and state priorities for higher education. Paper pre- sented at the American Educational Research Association Annual Meeting. Denver, CO, April.
Dar, L. & Spence, M. (2009). Partisanship, political polarization and state budget out- comes: the case of higher education. Paper presented at the Annual Meeting of the Midwest Political Science Association, Chicago, IL, April.
Doyle, W. R. (2007a). Public opinion, partisan identification and higher education policy. The Journal of Higher Education, 78, 369–401.
Doyle, W. R. (2007b). The political economy of redistribution through higher education subsidies. In J. C. Smart (Ed.), Higher education: Handbook of theory and research (vol. 22, pp. 335–409). New York, NY: Springer.
Doyle, W. R. (2010). U.S. senators’ ideal points for higher education: Documenting parti- sanship, 1965–2004. The Journal of Higher Education, 81, 619–644.
Doyle, W. R. (in press). The politics of public college tuition and state financial aid. Forth- coming in The Journal of Higher Education.
Erickson, R. S., Wright, G. C., & McIver, J. P. (1993). Statehouse democracy: Public opin- ion and policy in the American states. Cambridge, Uk: Cambridge University Press.
Fiorina, M. (1999) Whatever happened to the median voter? Paper presented at the MIT Conference on Parties and Congress, Cambridge, MA, October.
Goldin, C., & katz, L. f. (2008). The race between technology and education. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.
Greene, W. H. (2002). Econometric analysis (5th ed.). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
Grogan, C. M. (1994). Political-economic factors influencing state Medicaid policy. Po- litical Research Quarterly, 47(3), 589–622.
Heller, D. E. (2005). Public subsidies for higher education in California: An exploratory analysis of who pays and who benefits. Educational Policy, 19(2), 349–370.
Hinich, M. J., & Munger, M. C. (1997). Analytical politics. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.
Jacobson, G. C. (2004). Partisan and ideological polarization in the California electorate. State Politics and Policy Quarterly, 4(2), 113–139.
Jacoby, W. G., & Schneider, S. K. (2001). Variability in state policy priorities: An empiri- cal analysis. The Journal of Politics, 63(2), 544–568.
kane, T. J., Orszag, P. R., & Apostolov, E. (2005). Higher education appropriations and public universities: Role of Medicaid and the business cycle. Brookings-Wharton Pa- pers on Urban Affairs, 99–146.
King, G., Keohane, R. O., & Verba, S. (1994). Designing social inquiry: Scientific infer- ence in qualitative research. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press.
Masket, S. E. (2009). No middle ground: How information party organizations control nominations and polarize legislatures. Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press.
McCarthy, N., Poole, k. T., & Rosenthal, A. (2006). Polarized America. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼792 The Journal of Higher Education
McLendon, M. k., Hearn, J. C., & Mokher, C. G. (2009). Partisans, professionals and power: The role of political factors in state higher education funding. The Journal of Higher Education, 80, 683–713.
McLendon, M. k., & Mokher, C. G. (2009). The origins and growth of state policies to privatize higher education. In C. C. Morphew & P. D. Eckel (Eds.), Privatizing the pub- lic university (pp. 7–32). Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press.
McMahon, W. W. (2009). Higher learning, greater good: The private and social benefits of higher education. Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Nicholson-Crotty, J., & Meier, k. J. (2003). Politics, structure, and public policy: The case of higher education. Educational Policy, 17(1), 80–97.
Poole, K., & Rosenthal, H. (2007). Ideology & congress. New Brunswick, NJ: Transaction. Porterba, J. M. (1994). State responses to fiscal crises: The effects of budgetary institutions
and politics. Journal of Political Economy, 102(4), 799–821.
Rigby, E. (2007). Same policy area, different politics: How characteristics of policy tools alter the determinants of early childhood education policy. The Policy Studies Journal, 35(4), 653–669.
Rigby, E., & Wright, G. C. (2008). Does party polarization impede redistribution? Evi- dence from the American states. Paper presented at the American Political Science As- sociation, Boston, MA, August.
Rizzo, M. J. (2006). State preferences for higher education spending: A panel data analy- sis, 1977–2001. In R. G. Ehrenberg (Ed.), What’s happening to public higher educa- tion? (pp. 3–36). Westport, CT: Praeger.
Schmidt, P. (2005, June 17). How to look good in red: As the U. of Georgia shows, public colleges and political conservatives can get along pretty well, actually. The Chronicle of Higher Education, p. 41.
Smith, S. S. (2007). Party influence in congress. New York, NY: Cambridge University Press.
St. John, P. E., & Parsons, M. (2004). Introduction. In E. P. St. John & M. Parsons (Eds.), Public funding of higher education: Changing contexts and new rationales (pp. 1–16). Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Tandberg, D. A. (2010a). Interest groups and governmental institutions: The politics of state funding of public higher education. Educational Policy, 24(5), 735–778.
Tandberg, D. A. (2010b). Politics, interest groups and state funding of public higher educa- tion. Research in Higher Education, 51(5), 416–450.
Toutkoushian, R. k. (2009). An economist’s perspective on the privatization of public higher education. In C. C. Morphew & P. D. Eckel (Eds.), Privatizing the public univer- sity: Perspectives from across the academy (pp. 34–60). Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Trostel, P. A., & Ronca, J. M. (2009). A simple unifying measure of state support for post- secondary education. Research in Higher Education, 50(3), 215–247.
Vedder, R. (2007). Overinvested and overpriced. Washington, DC: Center for College Af- fordability and Productivity.
volden, C. (2006). States as policy laboratories: emulating success in the children’s health insurance program. American Journal of Political Science, 50(2), 294–312.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Political Dynamics of Higher Education Policy 793
Weerts, D. J., & Ronca, J. M. (in press). Understanding differences in state support for higher education across states, sectors, and institutions: A longitudinal study. Forthcom- ing in The Journal of Higher Education.
Wolf, A. (2002). Does education matter? Myths about education and economic growth. London, UK: Penguin Books.
Zumeta, W. (2000). Public university accountability to the state in the late twentieth cen- tury: Time for a rethinking. In R. Weissberg (Ed.), Democracy and the academy (pp. 93–122). Huntington, NY: Nova Science.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX
Sources, Description of variables, and Descriptive Statistics
Variable
Description
Total higher education appropriations/general fund expenditures
Source
Dependent Variables
State Government Finances 1900-2004. File provided by the Census Bureau Staff [January 2006] and Grapevine/Center for Study of Education Policy, Illinois State University www.postsecondaryopportunity.org. Data compiled from Grapevine and the Bureau of Economic Analysis.
Higher education share
State commitment to higher education
State tax funds appropriations / $1,000 of personal income
Controls
Average in-state tuition at public four-year institutions (2000 dollars-CPU-I)
State of Washington Higher Education Coordinating Board. Data provided in electronic format by Kathy Raudenbush.
Tuition (lagged one year)
Enrollment
Total enrollment per FTE
Proportion of the population 18–24 years old
National Center for Education Statistics Digest of Education Statistics (various years, thousands)
Census Bureau Population Estimates http://www.censu.gov/popest/archives/
Population
18–24 years old
Bureau of the Census: Current Population Surveys various years http://www.census.gov/hhes/income/histinc/h08.html
Median income
State median household income (2000 dollars-CPU-I)
Unemployment state revenue per capita
Unemployment rate (January) Total state revenue per capita (2000 dollars-CPU-I)
Bureau of Labor Statistics, State Government finances 1900–2004. file provided by the Census Bureau Staff (January 2006)
Political Variables
Party of governor (1 = Democrat 0 = Republican)
Average DW-NOMINATE scores for the California State Assembly
ICPSR # 0016 The Book of the States (various years) http://adric.sscnetucla.edu/california/
Democratic governor
State legislators average ideology
Data provided by Seth Masket and Jeff Lewis
Political polarization
Average DW-NOMINATE scores for the California State Assembly political polarization of California legislature-absolute value of the difference between the Republican and Democratic DW-NOMINATE
http://adric.sscnetucla.edu/california/
Data provided by Seth Masket and Jeff Lewis
Democratic Party strength
Percentage of the total 2-party seats held by Democrats in the state’s lower and upper chambers. Indicator is the average of the proportion of Democrats in both chambers. Range: 0 to 100 (measure proposed by Smith 1997 and used as a proxy for political competition by Besley and Case 2003)
ICPSR # 0016 The Book of the States (various years)
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.




TITLE: Fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6



￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Stephanie Ewert
fewer Diplomas for Men: The Influence of College Experiences on the Gender Gap in College Graduation
A dramatic reversal of gender inequality in education occurred when women reached parity with men in college graduation rates around 1982 and then surpassed them. Since the early 1980s, colleges and univer- sities have awarded the majority of bachelor’s degrees to women (see figure 1). Currently, women are more likely than men to earn bache- lor’s degrees among most racial and ethnic groups and across all levels of the socioeconomic distribution (Buchman & DiPrete, 2006; Goldin et al., 2006).
Scholars have suggested that women caught up to men in college graduation rates as a result of declining discrimination, occupational re- structuring, changing norms, patterns of family formation, and increas- ing returns to college degrees for women, all of which encouraged in- creased educational attainment for women relative to men (DiPrete & Buchman, 2006; Goldin et al., 2006). Although such processes may help to explain why women caught up to men in college graduation rates, these explanations cannot fully account for why women surpassed men. That is, why are women currently more likely than men to graduate? In order to shed light on this puzzling female advantage in college gradu- ation, this study examines contemporary gender disparities in higher education. Rather than examining the well-documented trend in the gen- der gap in college graduation over time, this paper provides a detailed
The author thanks Charles Hirschman and anonymous reviewers for helpful com- ments on earlier drafts of this manuscript. The views expressed in this article are those of the author and not the U.S. Census Bureau.
Stephanie Ewert works in the Education and Social Stratification Branch of the U.S. Census Bureau.
The Journal of Higher Education, vol. 83, No. 6 (November/December) Copyright © 2012 by The Ohio State University
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Fewer Diplomas for Men 825
￼￼￼0.60 0.55 0.50 0.45 0.40 0.35 0.30
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Year
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Males Females
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Figure 1. Proportion of Bachelor’s Degrees Awarded to Men and Women, U.S., 1970-2006
Fig 1. Proportion of Bachelor’s Degrees Awarded to Men and Women, U.S., 1970–
Source: Data from the U.S. Department of Education. 2007. Digest of Education Statistics.
2006. Source. Data from the U.S. Department of Education. 2007. Digest of Education Statistics.
study of the contemporary female advantage in graduation through an in-depth study of one cohort that progressed through higher education in the 1990s, at a time after women had surpassed men in graduation rates.
A higher graduation rate for women than men is of concern to schol- ars, educators, and the general public for several reasons. Since educa- tional attainment is consequential for labor market participation, marital formation, and childbearing, the contemporary female advantage in col- lege graduation is likely to affect these economic and demographic pat- terns (Buchman & DiPrete, 2006; Schwartz & Mare, 2005). The dispro- portionate number of female college graduates has led some college ad- ministrators and admissions officers to consider the need for preferential admissions practices for men (Gose, 1999; kingsbury, 2007; Whitmire, 2007). Furthermore, a higher college graduation rate for women than men raises numerous questions about gender equity in society. Does the education system adequately serve the needs of men? How will a rela- tively more highly educated female population affect gender relations? How will it affect the earning power of men and women who attend col- lege, and those who do not?
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼1969-70 1971-72 1973-74 1975-76 1977-78 1979-80 1981-82 1983-84 1985-86 1987-88 1989-90 1991-92 1993-94 1995-96 1997-98 1999-00 2001-02 2003-04 2005-06
Proportion
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼826 The Journal of Higher Education
A deeper understanding of the determinants of the gender gap in col- lege completion will shed light on these questions and inform higher education policy. Prior research examining the female advantage in col- lege graduation has focused on the role of high school performance, family background, and expected returns to college degrees while pay- ing less attention to college experiences that are sure to influence the gender gap in graduation (c.f., Buchman & DiPrete, 2006). This study expands our understanding of the gender gap in college graduation by more thoroughly accounting for the proximate causes of the female ad- vantage in graduation—educational experiences in college that are crit- ical to persistence and vary by gender, including attendance patterns, college major, social integration, and academic performance.
Background
This study draws on theories of college student persistence, including Tinto’s (1997) model of social integration and Bean’s (1983) model of student attrition, to identify consequential college experiences that vary by gender and possibly contribute to the gender gap in graduation. A college-level focus is warranted given Buchman and DiPrete’s (2006) conclusion that the bulk of the female advantage in college graduation arises at the college level. Models of college student persistence argue that students’ experiences during college critically shape their likelihood of persistence through to degree completion by fostering commitment to earning a degree and to a particular institution (Cabrera et al., 1992). Tinto (1997) highlighted the importance of social and academic integra- tion into the college community for persistence since integrated students have support and are invested in their programs; he further identified the importance of good matches between individual ability and institutional academic and social characteristics. Bean (1983) argued that college ex- periences such as coursework affect beliefs and attitudes that ultimately shape persistence behavior. Bean also identified the importance of fac- tors outside the institution, such as encouragement from family and friends, which facilitate persistence. If men and women differ on these college processes linked to persistence, such factors may help explain the gender gap in graduation.
While theories of college student persistence emphasize the critical role that college experiences play in shaping eventual graduation and possibly gender differences in graduation, they acknowledge how back- ground characteristics and precollege educational experiences shape students’ adjustment to college and likelihood of persistence (Cabrera et al., 1992). Studies of educational attainment typically account for
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Fewer Diplomas for Men 827
socioeconomic status, family structure, race, gender, and high school performance (Baker & velez, 1996; Buchman & DiPrete, 2006; Goldin et al., 2006). Students with higher high school academic performance (measured with grades and tests scores), who take college preparatory classes, and do not have disciplinary problems are more likely than oth- ers to graduate from college (Buchman & DiPrete, 2006; Goldin et al., 2006). Highly performing high school students, who are disproportion- ately female, may benefit from adequate academic preparation, develop- ment of effective study habits, and commitment to school (Allen, 1999; Goldrick-Rab, 2006).
Although precollege factors affect persistence to graduation, theories of college student persistence emphasize critical college experiences; past research suggests how these experiences may vary by gender and contribute to the gender gap in graduation. Social integration conse- quentially shapes a student’s likelihood of graduation since social in- volvement in the college environment fosters social support and a com- mitment to persist (Tinto, 1993). However, participation in student clubs may facilitate academic outcomes by enhancing commitments to aca- demic pursuits while time spent playing sports may compete for time devoted to academic studies and so decrease the likelihood of gradua- tion. Charles et al. (2009) documented positive effects of participation in student groups and clubs on college outcomes such as grades but did not explore gender differences. Sax (2008) found that involvement in sports is associated with higher college academic performance for women and lower performance for men. In high school, more boys than girls participate in sports while more girls than boys participate in social and academic groups such as student government, drama, and foreign language clubs (Eccles & Barber, 1999). If these gendered patterns of extracurricular involvement extend into college, then social involve- ment may contribute to the gender gap in graduation.
Behavior beyond social involvement affects college student persis- tence (Bean, 1983; Berger & Milem, 1999). College attendance patterns are an important type of persistence behavior since disrupted attendance limits persistence (kuh et al., 2008; Laird & Cruce, 2009; Lee et al., 1993). Students who take time off, attend part-time, or transfer may be less likely to persist because they amass fewer credits, socially integrate less into the college community due to reduced time spent on campus, and spend longer in college, which reduces the likelihood of graduation (Goldrick-Rab, 2006; Jacobs & king, 2002; king, 2003; Laird & Cruce, 2009). Prior research documented gender differences in disrupted at- tendance patterns, including that more men than women took time off and went part-time (Ewert, 2010; Goldrick-Rab, 2006). Goldrick-Rab
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼828 The Journal of Higher Education
(2006) hypothesized that gender differences in disrupted attendance pat- terns may account for a portion of the gender gap in college completion. Theories of college student persistence identify college academic performance as another central factor that contributes to the likelihood of graduation. According to the student integration model, high col- lege grades indicate academic integration and a good fit between the academic characteristics of institutions and the abilities and efforts of students (Cabrera et al., 1992). Academically integrated students are able to handle the academic rigor of college and persist. Since women consistently earn higher grades than men in college (Bae et al., 2000), women may be more likely than men to graduate because they are more academically integrated. Indeed, Buchman and DiPrete (2006) estimate that approximately one third of the gender gap in graduation among
White students is attributable to differences in college grades.
Students structure their college experiences around choice of college major, and so field of study is an additional key factor shaping even- tual graduation (Leppel, 2001). varying persistence rates across fields of study may result from a variety of mechanisms, including the number of course requirements, the rigor of the coursework, and average grades. Women remain overrepresented in traditionally feminine majors while men are overrepresented in some traditionally masculine fields (Davis & Guppy, 1997; England & Li, 2006). Conger and Long (2010) found that men disproportionately select majors with lower persistence rates and Buchman and DiPrete (2006) found that differences in college major help explain some of the female advantage in college completion among Black students. Therefore, gender segregation in college major may ac- count for part of the gender gap in college completion if men dispropor-
tionately concentrate in majors with lower persistence rates.
In addition to such educational experiences, Bean (1983) argued that factors external to academic institutions affect persistence. Family ob- ligations and jobs may limit persistence by placing competing demands on time needed for school work and by limiting social involvement at school. Time devoted to work rather than academic activities negatively affects GPA (Charles et al., 2009). The presence of children negatively affects women’s likelihood of completing college (Goldin et al., 2006; Jacobs & king, 2002); less research has examined the effects of fam- ily formation on men’s likelihood of college graduation since women traditionally bear the bulk of care for children. Although the causal re- lationship appears to be that education delays family formation, there is a feedback loop from childbearing to education such that female stu- dents who bear children often drop out as a result of difficulty in bal- ancing the roles of mother and student (kravdal & Rindfuss, 2008). If
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Fewer Diplomas for Men 829
early childbearing more negatively affects women, then conditioning on early family formation may actually widen the gender gap in college graduation.
I examine whether four critical college experiences identified by theories of college student persistence—disrupted attendance, college major, social integration, and academic performance—account for gen- der differences in the likelihood of graduation. I empirically test the fol- lowing hypotheses:
Hypothesis 1: Men are less likely to graduate from college than women because they follow more disrupted attendance patterns that limit persistence.
Hypothesis 2: Men are less likely to graduate from college than women because they disproportionately select college majors with lower persistence rates.
Hypothesis 3: Men are less likely to graduate from college than women because they are less socially integrated into the college community.
Hypothesis 4: Men are less likely than women to graduate from col- lege because they are less academically integrated.
Data and Methods
These analyses use data from the National Education Longitudinal Study of 1988 (NELS) conducted by the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES). NELS is a longitudinal study that first interviewed a nationally representative sample of over 24,000 eighth graders in 1988 and followed over 12,000 of the students for four follow-up interviews, the last of which took place eight years after high school graduation in 2000. I restrict the sample to those who enrolled in postsecondary education (PSE) by 1994, approximately two years after on-time high school graduation, resulting in 8,570 cases. The cohort of students in the NELS study entered college around 1992, well after the time period in which women surpassed men in college completion, making these data ideal for examining the determinants of the contemporary female advantage in graduation. The longitudinal nature of this cohort study makes it possible to document the progression of males and females through high school and college during the same time period to explore gender differences throughout their educational careers leading to col- lege completion.
Dependent Variable
Studies of educational attainment consistently measure college gradu- ation as completing a four-year degree (Buchman & DiPrete, 2006; Ja-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼830 The Journal of Higher Education
cobs & king, 2002; Light & Strayer, 2000). Therefore, I operationalize college graduation with a dichotomous variable for earning a bachelor’s degree by 2000, given college enrollment. In other words, I measure college graduation as completing a bachelor’s degree after entering col- lege. Although some respondents in the sample will eventually complete bachelor’s degrees after 2000, these cases are right-censored in the final NELS follow-up survey in 2000. Research frequently measures college graduation seven or eight years after high school graduation based on data constraints (Goldin et al., 2006).
I follow Mare (1980) and Lucas (1996) in measuring college gradu- ation as completing college after going to college. Mare (1980) urged scholars to regard educational attainment as a series of school transi- tions or continuation decisions. College graduation results from a series of events, including graduation from high school given enrollment, en- rollment in college given high school graduation, and graduation from college given enrollment in postsecondary education. Background char- acteristics have different effects across these school transitions. Analyz- ing the likelihood of college graduation given enrollment reduces the possibility of confounding the effects of SES (and other background characteristics) on college graduation with the effects SES on earlier transitions such as high school graduation and college entry (Mare, 1980; Lucas, 1996).
Independent Variables
I condition on background characteristics that include race and eth- nicity, composite SES, and intact families, and high school performance variables that include overall high school GPA, SAT scores, and enroll- ment in college preparatory curriculum. In order to distinguish between modes of entry into PSE, I include indicators for first attending a two- year college and selectivity of first institution attended. I control for nonacademic factors during college with two indicators of early family formation—being married or having a child within two years of on time high school graduation—and a measure of working while enrolled; the data do not contain information on amount of time spent working while enrolled.
Here I provide greater detail on the measurement of key college expe- riences that test the hypotheses outlined above:
Attendance patterns. I include two measures of disrupted attendance, part-time attendance and taking time off, based on self-reports. I mea- sure part-time attendance with a dichotomous variable for attending part-time at some point during college. The data do not contain infor- mation on the length of time students attended part-time. I measure tak-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Fewer Diplomas for Men 831
ing time off using a dichotomous variable for taking off a period of six months or longer from school at any time after initial enrollment. These covariates test hypothesis 1 that men are less likely to graduate than women because they follow more disrupted attendance patterns that limit persistence.
College major. I measure college major with three dummy variables based on the gender composition of field of study—one indicates major- ing in the male dominated fields of engineering, math, or the physical sciences; the second indicates majoring in the female dominated fields of education or health; and the final indicates majoring in the relatively more gender balanced arts and sciences and other majors. For these analyses, arts and science majors are the reference category. These vari- ables test hypothesis 2 that men are less likely than women to graduate because they concentrate in majors with lower persistence rates.
Social integration. I operationalize social integration into the college environment as involvement in extracurricular activities. I measure so- cial and academic club membership with a count of the number of clubs and activities in which students participate, including student govern- ment, performing arts, campus newspaper and radio, social clubs, and fraternities and sororities. Since the time commitment and social expe- riences differ greatly between intramural and varsity sports, I measure sports participation with two variables. One indicates involvement in varsity sports and the other indicates participation in intramural sports. These variables test hypothesis 3 that men are less likely than women to graduate because they are less socially integrated into the college com- munity.
Analytic Methods
I measure college graduation with a dichotomous variable that is best analyzed using logistic regression. The following equation summarizes the model:
Pr(Yi=1|X)= βXi + ei
where Y is a measure of college graduation of the ith individual, X rep- resents a matrix of observed characteristics that influence college gradu- ation, β is the vector of their coefficients, and e is an error term that includes unobserved attributes that affect college graduation. Logistic regression coefficients represent the log odds of graduation, but I report the more interpretable exponentiated coefficients which are odds ratios.
The first model includes only gender as represented by being male and shows the observed gender gap in the likelihood of college gradu-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼832 The Journal of Higher Education
ation. I then add variables to the equation in blocks and examine how the male coefficient, which represents the gender gap, changes across models. I test for significant changes in the gender gap across models. If the male coefficient increases after controlling for a set of covariates, then the male odds of graduating approach the female odds and so the magnitude of the gender gap is reduced. Therefore, the added variables explain part of the gender gap in graduation.
The second model adds standard background variables and high school educational experiences to control for early experiences that may affect later educational attainment. The remaining models add college- age experiences in blocks to isolate their effects on the gender gap in graduation. Due to data constraints, I cannot distinguish the temporal ordering of these college-level experiences and so I add the college variables in the order of the hypotheses. Model 3 tests the hypothesis regarding attendance patterns, Model 4 the expectations about college major, Model 5 the hypothesis about social integration, and Model 6 the expectation for academic performance. Model 7 controls for relevant nonacademic college-age experiences, including early family formation and working while enrolled.
I weight all descriptive analyses to adjust for the sampling design of NELS. However, I do not weight the regression analyses because NCES designed the weights to account for gender differences in response and the oversampling of some minority groups, such as Blacks, and I con- trol for gender and race and ethnicity in the regression models (Win- ship & Radbill, 1994). I use multiple imputation by chained equations to impute the missing values in the data (Royston, 2004; Rubin, 1987). I create five multiply-imputed datasets, run the analyses on each im- puted dataset, and then report the average coefficients across the datas- ets. Standard errors are adjusted to account for the degree of uncertainty in the imputation.
I restrict my analyses to students enrolled in postsecondary education by 1994. These are the students who realistically had the opportunity to graduate by 2000 since most students complete college within four to six years (Goldrick-Rab, 2006). Since community colleges remain an important mode of entry into higher education, especially for low-in- come and minority students, I analyze the probability of graduation for all students who enter higher education in order to capture the range of students who may eventually graduate. In order to more clearly distin- guish between modes of entry into postsecondary education, I include a covariate for entering higher education through a two-year school.
Students who enter higher education through four-year schools repre-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Fewer Diplomas for Men 833
sent a more select group, and so I also run the analyses on all students who entered college through a four-year school by 1994. To test whether the processes that lead to graduation and the gender gap in graduation differ for students who delay entry into college, I additionally run the models on the sample of students enrolled by 1996. I place these results in an appendix and note any differences. In order to address concerns about possible interactions between gender and other factors associ- ated with the likelihood of graduation, I further run separate analyses by gender. While the pooled analyses examine the determinants of gen- der inequality in graduation, these separate analyses by gender explore whether the processes leading to college graduation differ for women and men.
This study focuses on gender differences in college graduation among college entrants. However, since fewer men than women go to college (81% of male high school graduates compared to 85% of female high school graduates went to college in NELS), male college students may be more select in their SES and academic backgrounds relative to fe- male college students, and such differences could influence the mag- nitude of the gender gap in graduation or the factors affecting the gap (Jacob, 2002). It is impossible to control for this potential selection issue by including respondents who did not enter higher education in the analyses since such students lack observations on college variables, but propensity-score adjusted regression can control for possible effects of selection into college on the predictors of college graduation. There- fore, I perform supplemental analyses using propensity-score adjusted regression models that include propensity scores for the probability of enrollment as a covariate (Alon & Tienda, 2005; Stephan & Rosen- baum, 2006; Winship & Morgan, 1999).
I calculated the propensity scores by predicting the likelihood of going to college for all NELS respondents, including those who did and did not enter higher education. Although all the students in this study of college graduation did attend college, some would not have been pre- dicted to do so based on their background characteristics. I then include the propensity scores as a covariate in the model predicting graduation. This adjustment models a random selection process into college by ac- counting for the college enrollment process (including men’s lower like- lihood of college enrollment relative to women) and removes bias that results from observations that are not independent of the outcome vari- ables. The following equations summarize this model:
Pr(Yi=1|X)= aDi + βXi + ei Pr(Di=1|Z)= CZi + vi
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼834 The Journal of Higher Education
where D represents enrollment in college, Z is a matrix of observed co- variates that affect enrollment in college, C is the vector of their coef- ficients, v is an error term that includes unobserved factors that affect enrollment, and a is the coefficient for a student’s probability of enroll- ing in college (Alon & Tienda, 2005). I include the results from these selection models in an appendix and discuss any differences in the re- sults section.1
Results
Among all students who enrolled in higher education by 1994, 46% of women and 42% of men graduated by 2000 (see Table 1). There is an even larger gender gap among students who entered through four-year colleges—6.9 percentage points. The gender gap in bachelor’s degree completion among students who entered through two-year schools is not significant because there are several components of college graduation for two-year entrants. Such students must transfer to a four-year school and then must persist to graduation after entering a four-year school. Supplemental analyses show that more men than women who entered through two-year schools actually transferred to four-year schools. However, among the two-year entrants who transferred to four-year schools, more women than men persisted to graduation.
Table 2, which compares the experiences of male and female college entrants, reveals significant gender differences in college experiences hypothesized to affect the gender gap in college graduation. More men than women followed disrupted attendance patterns in college. Thirty- one percent of men and only 24% of women took time off while 40% of men and 34% of women attended part time. Furthermore, while 18% of men and 4% of women majored in engineering, math, and the physical
￼TABLE 1
Percentage of PSE Entrants by 1994 who Graduated.
￼￼￼All PSE entrants Entered through Four-year school Two-year school
* Gender gap significant at p < 0.05
Women Men
46.2 42.1
71.0 64.1 15.5 14.7
% Point Gender Gap
4.1*
6.9* 0.8
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 2
frequency of Independent variables by Gender NELS Respondents who Entered PSE by 1994
Background and high school characteristics
Race and ethnicity (reference = White) Asian
Black Hispanic Am. Indian
SES composite (mean) Intact family
GPA, 4.0 scale (mean) SAT score
College prep curriculum
Entered PSE through two-year school College selectivity (mean)
College-age experiences
Fewer Diplomas for Men 835
All Female Male N%%%
￼￼￼Took time off
Attended part time
Major: engineering, math, phys. sci.
Major: education, health
Count of social/academic club participation Varsity sports
Intramural sports
College GPA, 4.0 scale (mean)
Had children by 1994
Married by 1994
Worked while enrolled
N
1.2 1.17
27.2 23.6 37.0 33.9 10.6 4.2 22.4 31.7
0.55 0.59 12.1 8.3 31.4 22.3
2.62 2.72 5.4 7.8 6.8 9.6
1.21 *
31.1 * 40.4 * 17.6 * 12.3 *
0.52 * 15.9 * 40.8 *
2.50 * 2.7 * 3.8 *
8,660 360 930
4.2 3.7
10.7 11.7 9.6
810 9.3 9.3 9.4 90 1.0 1.4 0.7
8,530 0.19 0.14
8,170 6,070 8,670 8,530 8,670 8,040
8,540 8,540 8,670 8,670 6,810 6,810 6,810 8,040 8,630 8,620 8,670 8,670
0.26 * 83.1 82.9 83.3
2.85 2.94 930 922
2.77 * 938 *
51.8 52.1 51.5 44.2 44.2 44.3
81.1 80.6 81.6 8,670 4,690 3,970
4.7 *
￼Note. Percentages weighted; N rounded to nearest 10
* Denotes significant gender difference at p < 0.05 level
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼836 The Journal of Higher Education
sciences, 32% of women and 12% of men majored in education and health. Women participated in a greater number of social and academic clubs than men while a greater percentage of men than women played varsity and intramural sports in college. Women earned higher college grades than comparable men, and the women in the sample had an aver- age GPA of 2.72 while the men had an average 2.50. The following mul- tivariate analyses test whether these gender gaps in college experiences contribute to the female advantage in graduation as hypothesized.
Multivariate Analyses
Table 3 reports the exponentiated coefficients, or odds ratios, from the regression of college graduation on gender and other characteris- tics for all students enrolled in postsecondary education by 1994. The first bivariate model shows that men are 13% less likely than women to graduate. In the baseline model net of background and high school performance, men are actually 21% less likely than women to gradu- ate.2 The male odds decrease and so the gender gap widens net of back- ground and high school characteristics since fewer low-SES men go to college relative to low-SES women (see Table 2). Since higher SES is associated with a greater likelihood of college graduation, and male college entrants have a higher average SES than female entrants, mod- els that do not control for SES understate the female advantage in grad- uation.
The remaining models test the effects of college experiences on the gender gap in graduation. Disrupted attendance patterns in Model 3 account for part of the gender gap in college completion, lending sup- port to hypothesis 1. Part-time attendance and taking time off reduce the gender difference in graduation by four percentage points, indicating that men are less likely to graduate from college partially due to their higher rates of disrupted attendance that limit persistence. Accounting for college major in Model 4 does not significantly reduce the gender gap in graduation, and so I found no support for hypothesis 2 that men are less likely to graduate because they disproportionately select ma- jors with lower persistence rates. Although men and women concentrate in different majors, choice of major does not shape the gender gap in graduation.
The male odds decrease and so the gender gap widens after control- ling for social integration in Model 5. Participating in social and aca- demic clubs and varsity and intramural sports increase the likelihood of graduating from college, which supports Tinto’s theory of social inte- gration that students who are more socially integrated into the college community will be more likely to persist through to college graduation.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 3
Logistic Regression of College Graduation
NELS Respondents who entered PSE by 1994; N = 8570; Exp (B)
￼￼Model 1234567
￼￼Male
Asian Hispanic Black
Am. Indian Intact family SES
H.S. GPA
SAT score
College prep curriculum 1st PSE a two-year school College selectivity
Took time off
Enrolled part time
Major: engineering, math,
phys. sci.
Major: education, health
Social and academic clubs Varsity sports
Intramural sports College GPA
Has children by 1994 Married by 1994 Worked while enrolled
Log-Likelihood
0.87**
0.79*** 0.83** 1.52*** 1.67*** 0.74** 0.92 0.96 1.02 0.52 0.63 1.20* 1.12 1.80*** 1.88*** 2.34*** 2.15*** 1.15*** 1.19*** 1.66*** 1.73*** 0.21*** 0.21*** 1.42*** 1.29**
0.84* 0.80*** 1.66*** 1.73*** 0.91 0.94 1.03 1.02 0.64 0.60 1.13 1.15 1.86*** 1.86*** 2.18*** 2.19*** 1.19*** 1.14*** 1.73*** 1.75*** 0.21*** 0.22*** 1.29** 1.31**
0.96 0.91 1.88*** 1.90*** 1.01 1.02 1.24 1.30 0.74 0.82 1.11 1.09 1.95*** 1.91*** 1.48*** 1.40*** 1.03 1.01 1.93*** 1.87*** 0.17*** 0.18*** 1.47** 1.49**
0.27*** 0.28*** 0.53*** 0.51***
0.72* 0.74*
￼0.24*** 0.24*** 0.25*** 0.48*** 0.48*** 0.49***
0.77* 0.77* 0.88 0.86
0.78* 0.80* 1.10* 1.08 1.06
1.42** 1.50** 1.47** 1.25** 1.31** 1.30**
￼￼-5924
-3908 -3536
-3532 -3510
3.72*** 4.01***
0.31*** 0.20*** 1.53***
-3177 -3090
￼Note. *** p < 0.001, ** p < 0.01, * p < 0.05
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼838 The Journal of Higher Education
Since the gender gap widens after conditioning on social integration, and more men than women play sports while men participate in fewer social and academic clubs, these results suggest that it is the higher in- volvement of men in sports that suppresses the magnitude of the gender gap in graduation. If it were not for men’s athletic participation in col- lege, the gender gap in college graduation would be even wider than ob- served. Contrary to the expectations of hypothesis 3, social integration suppresses rather than explains the gender gap in college graduation.
Net of college academic performance in Model 6, the gender gap in graduation is no longer significant. Therefore, women’s greater aca- demic integration, indicated by higher grades, accounts for the remain- der of the gender gap in college completion, thus supporting hypothesis 4. The college experiences examined in this study account for all of the significant gender gap in college graduation that remained net of back- ground and high school characteristics. Therefore, college experiences contribute to the gender gap in graduation.
Accounting for nonacademic experiences during college in Model 7 shows that early family formation reduces the likelihood of graduation while working during college increases it. Although the male odds de- crease and so the gender gap in Model 7 widens net of these nonaca- demic experiences, the gender gap remains nonsignificant.
I replicated the analyses for students who entered higher education by 1996 to test the sensitivity of these results to delayed college entry (see Appendix A). The coefficients are virtually identical, indicating the robustness of these findings to year of college entry. Delaying college entry for a couple of years after high school graduation does not change the underlying processes that contribute to the likelihood of graduation or the observed gender gap.
Four-Year Entrants by 1994
Table 4 shows that the determinants of the gender gap in college com- pletion among students who entered through four-year institutions by 1994 are very similar to those among students who entered any post- secondary institution by 1994. However, the observed gender gap in graduation among students who entered through four-year institutions is slightly larger than all postsecondary entrants, and males are 22% less likely to graduate than females. As for all PSE entrants, disrupted atten- dance patterns account for a portion of the gender gap in college gradu- ation among students who enter through four-year schools while social integration suppresses the magnitude of the gap. The gender gap is no longer significant after controlling for college academic performance in Model 6.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 4
Logistic Regression of College Graduation
NELS Respondents who Entered through four-Year Schools by 1994; N = 4,660; Exp (B)
￼￼Model 1234567
￼￼Male
Asian Hispanic Black
Am. Indian Intact family SES
H.S. GPA SAT score
College prep curriculum College selectivity
Took time off
Enrolled part time
Major: engineering, math, phys. sci.
Major: education, health Social and academic clubs Varsity sports
Intramural sports
College GPA
Has children by 1994 Married by 1994 Worked while enrolled
Log Likelihood
0.78***
0.75*** 0.80** 1.40* 1.49* 0.66** 0.87 1.06 1.17 0.82 1.19 1.23 1.20 1.76*** 1.82*** 2.17*** 1.96*** 1.15** 1.19** 1.42*** 1.44*** 1.47*** 1.36**
0.77** 0.68*** 1.48* 1.56* 0.86 0.91 1.17 1.17 1.20 1.15 1.20 1.20 1.82*** 1.74*** 1.97*** 1.96*** 1.19** 1.18** 1.44*** 1.40*** 1.34** 1.32**
0.84 0.82* 1.70* 1.68* 0.96 0.95 1.57 1.60 2.13 2.01 1.16 1.18 1.67*** 1.63*** 1.10 1.12 1.05 1.03 1.55*** 1.54*** 1.54** 1.52**
0.21*** 0.21*** 0.50*** 0.49***
1.10 1.11
￼0.19*** 0.19*** 0.19*** 0.44*** 0.44*** 0.46***
1.02 1.04 0.87 0.85
0.73 0.73 1.19** 1.18** 1.16***
1.42** 1.54*** 1.50 1.46*** 1.65*** 1.63*** 6.13*** 6.30***
￼￼-2853
-2363 -2058
-2056 -2031
0.44* 0.19*** 0.98
-1719 -1695
￼Note. *** p < 0.001, ** p < 0.01, * p < 0.05
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼840 The Journal of Higher Education
The male odds of graduation decrease and so a slightly significant gender gap reemerges in Model 7 after accounting for nonacademic ex- periences including early family formation and working while enrolled. Since equal percentages of men and women worked during college, the higher rates of early marriage and childbearing for women relative to men drive this finding. If it were not for women’s higher rates of early family formation, the gender gap in college graduation would be even wider than observed for students who entered higher education through four year schools.
Separate analyses by gender enable a comparison of the processes leading to college graduation for men and women. Overall, the results show that similar factors affect the likelihood that men and women will graduate (see Appendix B). However, a few differences in the determi- nants of graduation for men and women warrant discussion. Selection of an engineering, math, or physical science major is not associated with the likelihood of graduation for women but is negatively associated with the likelihood of graduation for men. Conger and Long (2010) found lower persistence rates in male-dominated fields, and these results sug- gest that this may be the case primarily for men in these fields. fur- thermore, although both women and men benefit from participation in varsity sports, the beneficial effects of involvement in intramural sports are concentrated among men. These results may shed light on how men gain ground over women in the likelihood of graduation through social integration—more men than women participate in intramural sports, and intramural sports involvement is associated with a greater likelihood of graduation for men but not for women. Therefore, the effects of social integration on the gender gap in graduation are likely driven by differ- ential participation in intramural sports and varying returns to such par- ticipation by gender.
Propensity Score Adjusted Regression
Women are more likely than men to go to college and so male college entrants are more select in terms of academic and social background compared to male nonentrants than are female college entrants com- pared to female nonentrants. These differences in selectivity among male and female college entrants could confound the observed gen- der gap in graduation or the factors that predict the gender gap (Jacob, 2002). Supplemental propensity-score adjusted regression models in- cluded propensity scores for the probability of enrollment as a covari- ate. This adjustment models a random selection process into college by accounting for the college enrollment process and so factors out any possible effects of men being less likely to go to college than women.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Fewer Diplomas for Men 841
Results from the propensity score adjusted regression are interpreted as the effects of covariates on college graduation if college enrollment was a random process.
The results reveal that similar processes affect the likelihood of col- lege graduation regardless of the selection process into college (see Ap- pendix C). furthermore, the initial gender gap was merely one percent- age point smaller than for the analyses without the propensity score ad- justment, suggesting that only a small part of the gender gap in college graduation results from men’s lower probabilities of enrolling in college relative to women. The results from the baseline model that accounts for background and early educational outcomes show that if college enroll- ment was a random process, men who entered higher education by 1994 would be 17% less likely to graduate than women. Overall, my findings reveal a consistent gender gap in college graduation, regardless of the selection process into college.
Conclusion
A higher college graduation rate for women than men has raised a host of concerns ranging from gender imbalance on college campuses and a potential need for preferential admissions practices for men, to questions about gender equity within the education system and possible implications for sociodemographic processes such as marital forma- tion, childbearing, and labor market participation. A more comprehen- sive understanding of the underlying causes of the gender gap in degree completion will help to address these concerns of scholars, educators, and the general public. This study examines a nationally representative cohort of high school graduates in the 1990s to uncover the proximate causes of the female advantage in college graduation. Moving beyond past research that primarily examined background characteristics and precollege factors, this study illuminates college processes that shape the gender gap in bachelor’s degree completion.
More women than men who enter higher education eventually gradu- ate from college. Furthermore, the female advantage in college gradua- tion does not simply result from women being more likely than men to enroll in college (see Appendix C). What accounts for this gender gap in bachelor’s degree completion? Do the divergent experiences of men and women in college help to produce the gender gap? The results of this study suggest the answer is yes.
The significant gender gap in college graduation disappears after ac- counting for the college experiences considered here. Attendance pat- terns, social integration, and academic performance in college all in-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼842 The Journal of Higher Education
fluence the gender gap in college graduation, thus supporting some of the hypotheses tested in these analyses. Disrupted attendance patterns mediate part of the gender gap in graduation, suggesting that men are less likely than women to graduate partially because they follow more disrupted attendance patterns that limit persistence. Furthermore, men are less likely than women to graduate because they are less academi- cally integrated in college as evidenced by lower college grades.
Although women’s more continuous attendance patterns and higher academic performance contribute to the female advantage in graduation, men disproportionately benefit from levels of social integration. Stu- dents who are socially integrated into the college community through participation in social and academic clubs or varsity and intramural sports are more likely to graduate than less integrated students, and more men than women participate in sports. The results show that the gender gap in college graduation would be even greater if not for men’s higher rates of participation in varsity and intramural sports relative to women. Participation in sports helps to socially integrate men into the college community and may facilitate persistence to graduation by fos- tering support and developing a commitment to the institution and to earning a degree. Gender segregation in college major does not contrib- ute to the gender gap in graduation.
Nonacademic experiences during college have limited effects on the gender gap in college graduation, although women’s early family forma- tion slightly suppresses the magnitude of the gender gap in graduation among students who enter higher education through four year schools. Therefore, it is primarily educational experiences during college rather than concurrent life course events related to family formation and work that account for the gender gap in degree completion. Consistent with theories of college student persistence, the behaviors and experiences of students during college affect persistence to degree completion and the gender gap in graduation. Even among students who demonstrate a commitment to higher education by entering college, women excel be- yond men. Although men are less likely than women to attend college, merely facilitating men’s college enrollment is not enough to guarantee their educational attainment because men’s experiences in higher educa- tion limit their persistence to graduation.
While helpfully identifying important college experiences associated with the gender gap in graduation, this study has several limitations. The data do not contain information on the length of time for which students attended part-time or took time off or when during students’ college careers these disruptions occurred. If the effects of disrupted at-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Fewer Diplomas for Men 843
tendance on persistence to graduation vary at the beginning and end of college, or men and women differ on the sequencing of disrupted atten- dance patterns, then these analyses would not capture the complexity of the effects of gender differences in disrupted attendance patterns. Fur- thermore, although similar percentages of men and women work while enrolled, I am unable to measure amount of time spent working. If men spend more time working than women, or vice versa, or if the effects of hours spent working on the likelihood of graduation are nonlinear, these analyses may not adequately model the association between work and the gender gap in graduation. Future research with detailed data on the timing and sequencing of college experiences would further illuminate how the critical college experiences identified by this study operate to shape the female advantage in graduation. Such research should also explore whether college experiences interact with one another to shape the gender gap in persistence to degree completion.
These analyses focus on how college experiences shape the contem- porary female advantage in college graduation but do not seek to ex- plain the trend over time in which women caught up to and then sur- passed men in college graduation. Future research should also explore whether college experiences contributed to this trend over time. Did women’s and men’s attendance patterns and levels of social integration, or the effects of these college experiences on the likelihood of gradua- tion, change over the last several decades in ways that might help ac- count for the reversal of the gender gap in graduation?
Although a five to ten percentage point difference in the number of bachelor’s degrees awarded to men and women may sound small in magnitude, there are no indicators that the trend towards a higher fe- male graduation rate is slowing or reversing and so the magnitude of the gender gap may continue to grow. Although policies and programs aimed to raise overall rates of educational attainment and reduce the gender gap must certainly target precollege educational factors where significant gender differences arise, this study suggests that efforts must also target consequential college experiences linked to persistence that vary by gender. Efforts by universities and colleges to develop programs and practices that improve the academic performance of struggling stu- dents, encourage more continuous attendance patterns, and foster social integration could help raise graduation rates. Such programs would not need to target men specifically, but men might disproportionately ben- efit from them, thus reducing the gender gap in college graduation. En- couraging college behaviors and experiences that facilitate persistence could improve graduation rates for all students, particularly men.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼844 The Journal of Higher Education Notes
1 The selection equation includes some overlapping variables from the graduation model, such as gender, race, and high school GPA. However, the selection equation in- cludes additional measures of high school performance such as behavioral problems, grade retention, hours spent on homework, educational aspirations, and encouragement from friends and family to pursue higher education.
2 To address whether men in general are less likely to graduate or whether particular subgroups of men are exceptionally less likely to graduate and so bring down the aver- age for men, I tested a series of interactions between being male and SES and race and ethnicity. The only significant interaction was between being male and American Indian. Since American Indians comprise a small proportion of the sample, these results suggest overall gender differences in college graduation rather than gender differences that are driven by particularly educationally disadvantaged subgroups of men.
References
Allen, D. (1999). Desire to finish college: An empirical link between motivation and per- sistence. Research in Higher Education, 40, 461–485.
Alon, S., & Tienda, M. (2005). Assessing the “mismatch” hypothesis: Differences in col- lege graduation rates by institutional selectivity. Sociology of Education, 78, 294–315.
Bae, Y., Choy, S., Geddes, C., Sable, J., & Snyder, T. (2000). Trends in educational equity of girls and women. Washington, DC: National Center for Education Statistics.
Baker, T., & velez, W. (1996). Access to and opportunity in postsecondary education in the United States: A review. Sociology of Education, 69, 82–101.
Bean, J. (1983). The application of a model of turnover in work organizations to the stu- dent attrition process. Research in Higher Education, 12, 155–182.
Berger, J., & Milem, J. (1999). The role of student involvement and perceptions of inte- gration in a causal model of student persistence. Research in Higher Education, 40, 641–664.
Buchman, C., & DiPrete, T. (2006). The growing female advantage in college comple- tion: The role of family background and academic achievement. American Sociological Review, 71, 515–541.
Cabrera, A., Castaneda, M., Nora, A., & Hengstler, D. (1992). The convergence between two theories of college persistence. The Journal of Higher Education, 63, 143–164.
Charles, C., fischer, M., Mooney, M., & Massey, D. ( 2009). Taming the river: Negotiat- ing the academic, financial, and social currents in selective colleges and universities. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press.
Conger, D., & Long, M. (2010). Why are men falling behind? Explanations for the gender gap in college outcomes. Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Sci- ence, 627, 184–214.
Davies, S., & Guppy, N. (1997). fields of study, college selectivity, and student inequali- ties in higher education. Social Forces, 75, 1417–1438.
DiPrete, T., & Buchman, C. (2006). Gender-specific trends in the value of education and the emerging gender gap in college completion. Demography, 43, 1–24.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Fewer Diplomas for Men 845
Eccles, J., & Barber, B. (1999). Student council, volunteering, basketball, or marching band: What kind of extracurricular involvement matters? Journal of Adolescent Re- search, 14, 10–43.
England, P., & Li, S. (2006). Desegregation stalled: The changing gender composition of college majors, 1971–2002. Gender and Society, 20, 657–677.
Ewert, S. (2010). Male and female pathways through four-year colleges: Disruption and sex stratification in higher education. American Educational Research Journal, 47, 744–773.
Goldin, C., katz, L., & kuziemko, I. (2006). The homecoming of American college women: The reversal of the college gender gap. Journal of Economic Perspectives, 20, 133–156.
Goldrick-Rab, S. (2006). following their every move: An investigation of social-class dif- ferences in college pathways. Sociology of Education, 79, 61–79.
Gose, B. (1999). Colleges look for ways to reverse a decline in enrollment of men. Chron- icle of Higher Education, 46, A73–A74.
Hyde, J, Lindber, S., Linn, M., Ellis, A., & Williams, C. (2008). Gender similarities char- acterize math performance. Science, 321, 494–495.
Jacob, B. (2002). Where the boys aren’t: Non-cognitive skills, returns to school and the gender gap in higher education. Economics of Education Review, 21, 589–598.
Jacobs, J., & King, R. (2002). Age and college completion: A life-history analysis of wom- en aged 15–44. Sociology of Education, 75, 211–230.
King, J. (2003). Nontraditional attendance and persistence: The cost of students’ choices.” New Directions for Higher Education, 121, 69–83.
Kingsbury, A. (2007, June). Many colleges reject women at higher rates than for men. U.S. News and World Report.
kravdal, O., & Rindfuss, R. (2008). Changing relationships between education and fertil- ity: A study of women and men born 1940 to 1964. American Sociological Review, 73, 854–873.
kuh, G., Cruce, T., Shoup, R., kinzie, J., & Gonyea, R. (2008). Unmasking the effects of student engagement on first-year college grades and persistence. The Journal of Higher Education, 79, 540–563.
Laird, T., & Cruce, T. (2009). Individual and environmental effects of part-time enrollment status on student-faculty interaction and self-reported gains. The Journal of Higher Ed- ucation, 80, 290–314.
Lee, v., Mackie-Lewis, C., & Marks, H. (1993). Persistence to the baccalaureate degree for students who transfer from community college. American Journal of Education, 102, 80–114.
Leppel, K. (2001). The impact of major on college persistence among freshmen. Higher Education, 41, 327–342.
Light, A., & Strayer, W. (2000). Determinants of college completion: School quality or student ability? Journal of Human Resources, 35, 299–322.
Lucas, S. (1996). Selective attrition in a newly hostile regime: The case of 1980 sopho- mores. Social Forces, 75, 511–533.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼846 The Journal of Higher Education
Lucas, S. (2001). Effectively maintained inequality: Education transitions, track mobility,
and social background effects. American Journal of Sociology, 106, 1642–1690.
Mare, R. (1980). Social background and school continuation decisions. Journal of the
American Statistical Association, 75, 295–305.
Royston, P. (2004). Multiple imputation of missing values. Stata Journal, 4, 227–241.
Rubin, D. (1987). Multiple imputation for nonresponse in surveys. New York, NY: John Wiley and Sons.
Sax, L. (2008). The gender gap in college: Maximizing the developmental potential of women and men. San francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Sax, L., & Harper, C. (2007). Origins of the gender gap: Pre-college and college influences on differences between men and women. Research in Higher Education, 48, 669–694.
Schwartz, C., & Mare, R. (2005). Trends in educational assortative marriage from 1940 to 2003. Demography, 42, 621–646.
Stephan, J, & Rosenbaum, J. (2006). Do some colleges improve students’ chances of com- pleting degrees? How propensity scores change the question. Paper presented at the annual meeting of the American Sociological Association, Quebec, Canada.
Tinto, V. (1993). Leaving college: Rethinking the causes and cures of student attrition. (2nd ed.). New York, NY: Knopf.
Whitmire, R. (2007). The latest way to discriminate against women. The Chronicle Re- view, 53, B16.
Winship, C., & Morgan, S. (1999). The estimation of causal effects from observational data. Annual Review of Sociology, 25, 659–706.
Winship, C., & Radbill, L. (1994). Sampling weights and regression analysis. Sociological Methods and Research, 23, 230–257.
Xie, Y., & Shauman, K. (2003). Women in science: Career processes and outcomes. Cam- bridge, MA: Harvard University Press.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX A
Logistic Regression of College Graduation
NELS Respondents who Entered PSE by 1996; N = 8970; Exp (B)
￼￼Model 1234567
￼￼Male
Asian Hispanic Black
Am. Indian Intact family SES
H.S. GPA
SAT score
College prep curriculum 1st PSE a two-year school College selectivity
Took time off
Enrolled part time
Major: engineering, math,
phys. sci.
Major: education, health Social and academic clubs Varsity sports
Intramural sports
College GPA
Has children by 1994 Married by 1994 Worked while enrolled
0.88**
0.81*** 0.85** 1.53*** 1.67*** 0.72** 0.88 0.96 1.01 0.52 0.62 1.22* 1.14 1.87*** 1.97*** 2.38*** 2.21*** 1.11*** 1.13*** 1.73*** 1.81*** 0.19*** 0.20*** 1.45*** 1.35***
0.86* 0.81** 0.95 0.90 1.66*** 1.73*** 1.86*** 1.91*** 0.88 0.90 0.96 0.99 1.02 1.02 1.23 1.30 0.63 0.61 0.76 0.86 1.15 1.14 1.11 1.09 1.94*** 1.89*** 1.99*** 1.93*** 2.24*** 2.24*** 1.55*** 1.42*** 1.14*** 1.13*** 1.03 1.01 1.81*** 1.79*** 1.98*** 1.90***
0.20*** 0.21*** 0.16*** 0.17*** 1.35** 1.32** 1.47** 1.51**
￼0.25*** 0.25*** 0.48*** 0.48***
0.25*** 0.27*** 0.28*** 0.49*** 0.53*** 0.50***
0.75* 0.75* 0.86 0.85
0.71* 0.74* 0.78* 0.80*
1.10** 1.08 1.40** 1.48** 1.23** 1.29**
1.06 1.47** 1.28**
3.47*** 3.87***
0.31***
0.19*** 1.80***
￼￼Note. *** p < 0.001, ** p <. 001, * p < 0.05
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX B
Logistic Regression of College Graduation by Gender NELS Respondents who Entered PSE by 1994; Exp (B)
￼￼WOMEN 123456
￼￼Asian Hispanic Black
Am. Indian Intact family SES
H.S. GPA
SAT score
College prep curriculum 1st PSE a two-year school College selectivity
Took time off
Enrolled part time
Major: engineering, math, phys. sci. Major: education, health
Social and academic clubs
Varsity sports
Intramural sports
College GPA
Has children by 1994
Married by 1994 Worked while enrolled
1.66** 1.83*** 0.83 1.06 1.01 1.03 0.68 0.84 1.19 1.10 1.82*** 1.91*** 2.39*** 2.23*** 1.12** 1.15** 1.77*** 1.84*** 0.19*** 0.19*** 1.30* 1.12
1.81*** 1.88*** 2.07*** 2.04*** 1.05 1.08 1.17 1.20 1.03 1.04 1.25 1.29 0.86 0.86 1.04 1.20 1.11 1.10 1.05 1.03 1.90*** 1.84*** 1.92*** 1.88*** 2.25*** 2.26*** 1.56*** 1.48*** 1.15** 1.14** 1.03 1.00 1.85*** 1.83*** 1.99*** 1.94***
0.19*** 0.19*** 0.16*** 0.17*** 1.11 1.10 1.23 1.23
￼0.25*** 0.25*** 0.48*** 0.48***
0.25*** 0.27*** 0.29*** 0.49*** 0.53*** 0.51***
0.90 0.89 0.87 0.86
0.90 0.94 0.79* 0.80*
1.11 1.08 1.67** 1.70** 1.18 1.23
1.06 1.65** 1.21
3.36*** 3.71***
0.27***
0.20*** 1.44
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX B (Continued)
Logistic Regression of College Graduation by Gender
NELS Respondents who Entered PSE by 1994; Exp (B)
￼￼MEN 123456
￼￼Asian Hispanic Black
Am. Indian Intact family SES
H.S. GPA
SAT score
College prep curriculum 1st PSE a two-year school College selectivity
Took time off
Enrolled part time
Major: engineering, math, phys. sci. Major: education, health
Social and academic clubs
Varsity sports
Intramural sports
College GPA
Has children by 1994 Married by 1994 Worked while enrolled
Note. *** p < 0.001, ** p < 0.01, * p < 0.05
1.38* 1.52** 0.64** 0.77 0.90 0.97 0.28 0.29 1.27* 1.18 1.87*** 1.99*** 2.26*** 2.10*** 1.11** 1.13** 1.58*** 1.66*** 0.22*** 0.23*** 1.62*** 1.60***
1.52** 1.58** 1.68** 1.76** 0.77 0.79 0.84 0.84 1.00 0.98 1.20 1.27 0.29 0.27 0.28 0.30 1.20 1.20 1.19 1.16 1.94*** 1.89*** 2.01*** 1.96*** 2.13*** 2.11*** 1.38** 1.31* 1.14** 1.14** 1.03 1.01 1.67*** 1.64*** 1.83*** 1.77***
0.23*** 0.25*** 0.19*** 0.19*** 1.63*** 1.57*** 1.76*** 1.81***
￼0.24*** 0.24*** 0.47*** 0.47***
0.24*** 0.26*** 0.26*** 0.49*** 0.52*** 0.50***
0.73** 0.72** 0.89 0.85
0.65** 0.67** 0.80 0.80
1.08 1.07 1.28* 1.40* 1.32** 1.40**
1.07 1.39* 1.38**
4.25*** 4.43***
0.43*
0.19** 1.61***
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX C
Propensity-Score Adjusted Logistic Regression on College Graduation
NELS Respondents who Entered PSE by 1994; N = 8,570; Exp (B)
￼￼Model 1234567
￼￼Male
Asian Hispanic Black
Am. Indian Intact family SES
H.S. GPA
SAT score
College prep curriculum 1st PSE a two-year school College selectivity
Took time off
Enrolled part time
Major: engineering, math,
phys. sci.
Major: education, health Social and academic clubs Varsity sports
Intramural sports
College GPA
Has children by 1994 Married by 1994 Worked while enrolled
0.88**
0.83** 0.88* 1.21 1.32* 0.58*** 0.72** 0.88 0.91 0.48* 0.57 1.24* 1.16 1.58*** 1.66*** 2.24*** 2.08*** 1.09*** 1.11*** 1.49*** 1.55*** 0.23*** 0.24*** 1.48*** 1.37***
0.89* 0.83** 1.00 0.94 1.31* 1.37* 1.45** 1.47** 0.71** 0.73** 0.76** 0.78** 0.93 0.92 1.12 1.18 0.58 0.57 0.71 0.77 1.17 1.17 1.13 1.11 1.63*** 1.60*** 1.63*** 1.61*** 2.10*** 2.10*** 1.40*** 1.33*** 1.12*** 1.12*** 1.00 0.98 1.55*** 1.54*** 1.68*** 1.65***
0.24*** 0.25*** 0.20*** 0.21*** 1.37*** 1.34** 1.51** 1.53**
￼0.24*** 0.24*** 0.49*** 0.49***
0.24*** 0.27*** 0.28*** 0.50*** 0.54*** 0.52***
0.78* 0.78* 0.86 0.85*
0.73* 0.75* 0.77* 0.79*
1.09* 1.06 1.42** 1.52** 1.22** 1.29**
1.05 1.49** 1.27**
3.87*** 4.16***
0.30***
0.20*** 1.42***
￼￼Note. *** p < 0.001, ** p < 0.01, * p < 0.05
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.





TITLE: Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 6 


￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Shiri Noy Rashawn Ray
Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Advisors: Is There Systematic Disadvantage in Mentorship?
Graduate student relations with members of the faculty is regarded by most graduate students as the single most important aspect of the quality of their graduate experience; unfortunately, many also report that it is the single most disappointing aspect of their graduate experience (katz & Harnett, 1976, p. 8).
Although graduate student mentorship is noted as central for the transi- tion of doctoral students into faculty members and educators, little is known about the role that race and gender play in influencing how grad- uate students perceive and interpret their relationships with their advi- sors. Therefore, it is important to examine how students’ perceptions of mentorship may correlate with the “glass ceiling” that women and people of color face in academia (freeman, 1977; Glazer-Raymo, 2001, 2008; Herzig, 2004; Johnsrud & Heck, 1994; kolodyny, 2000; McCall et al., 2000; Petrzelka, 2005; Turner & Myers, 2000; Webster, 1989).
Faculty advisors play various instrumental, intellectual, and affec- tive roles in the professional development of students (Bargar & Mayo-
We thank the Scholarship of Teaching in Learning research group and The Gender, Race, and Class Research Workshop at Indiana University. We also thank Brian Powell, Bernice Pescosolido, Donna Eder, Carol Hostetter, Chris Golde, Jack fraser, the three anonymous reviewers, and the editor who provided helpful comments. The second au- thor acknowledges funding from the ford foundation Dissertation fellowship Program and the Robert Wood Johnson Health Policy Research Program at UC–Berkeley/UCSf during the time of the project.
Shiri Noy is a PhD Candidate in the Department of Sociology at Indiana University- Bloomington and Rashawn Ray is an Assistant Professor of Sociology at the University of Maryland, College Park.
The Journal of Higher Education, vol. 83, No. 6 (November/December) Copyright © 2012 by The Ohio State University
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Systematic Disadvantage in Graduate Student Mentorship 877
Chamberlain, 1983; Golde & Dore, 2001; Noy & Ray, forthcoming; Rose, 2005). faculty advisors write letters of recommendation, network on the behalf of students for jobs, and help graduate students get pub- lished, obtain funding, command higher salaries, and be more satisfied with their careers and jobs over time (van Emmerik, 2004; Zhao, Golde, & McCormick, 2007). Even after graduation, students’ faculty advisors continue to be influential power players as they come up for tenure and promotion. Altogether, what faculty advisors think of their students fac- tors tremendously into the success and overall development of graduate students.
Existing research suggests that some faculty members may view cer- tain students more worthy of advisor support than others (Wolf-Wen- del & Ruel, 1999). Traditionally, white men have been the dominant group represented in academia. As a result, they are viewed as the de- fault and “ideal student” (Glazer-Raymo 2001, 2008; Turner & Myers, 2000).Their privileged status often comes along with a set of normal- ized and taken-for-granted benefits. One of these benefits translates into white men being able to stake claims on a majority of spots in graduate departments and have most of their research interests viewed as main- stream. These dynamics contribute to the racial and gender disparities in higher education (COACHE, 2007; Committee, 1992). While many universities and departments are making strides to further diversify the make-up of their faculty and graduate student body, parity is far from apparent. Female faculty in most disciplines are underrepresented (Glazer-Raymo, 2008; Petrzelka, 2005) and faculty of color face dif- ficult hurdles obtaining tenure-track positions and being promoted (few, Stephens, & Rouse-Arnett, 2003; Thomas & Hollenshead, 2001; Turner & Myers, 2000). Consequently, female and minority students may per- ceive that certain disciplines will not be supportive of their scholarly endeavors and impact their overall success in graduate school.
The relatively small number of nonwhite and female students in grad- uate school has been of increasing concern. After all, one of the goals of STEM programs is to increase the representation of underrepresented groups. Understanding the barriers to this goal and factors that facilitate successful matriculation and employment opportunities is critical. Ad- visor support may function as a key barrier or incentive. The presence of underrepresented groups are not just important for a diverse faculty and student body, but more diversity may be essential for the disciplin- ary topics viewed as mainstream rather than ostracized by the scholarly community. Some of these topics may include racial differences in ge- netics testing in the biological sciences, liver-associated serum chem- istry tests in the physical sciences, Black and Latino twentieth century
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼878 The Journal of Higher Education
poetry in the humanities, and racial and gender differences in educa- tional attainment in the social sciences. Advisor support is key to un- derstanding the success of female and nonwhite students in graduate school and diversity in faculty may translate into increased support for a diversity of research and teaching topics, including those that may be of more interest for female graduate students and graduate students of color.
Using data from the Survey on Doctoral Education and Career Prepa- ration (Golde & Dore, 2001), our paper aims to address a central ques- tion: given that mentorship is so important in graduate school, is there systematic disadvantage in perceived faculty advisor support by women and students of color, in comparison to men and whites? The answer to this question provides critical insights into the role that master statuses like whiteness and maleness play in shaping the experiences of doctoral students in graduate school. We begin the literature review by outlining the functions of advisors and the types of advisors identified to exist in graduate school. We then discuss existing research that draws attention to the systematic disadvantage that may occur along disciplinary, gen- der, and racial lines. Applying intersectionality theory (Collins, 2000; Crenshaw, 1989, 1991), we highlight how systematic disadvantage in advisor support may be most prevalent among women of color.
The Functions and Types of Advisors
The National Education Association (1993, p. 17) defines mentoring “as a process in which one person, usually of superior rank, achieve- ment and prestige, guides the development of or sponsors another per- son, who is seen as the protégé.” In graduate school, mentors serve the essential functions of helping doctoral students develop into self-suf- ficient scholars. Some of these functions include counseling, confirm- ing progress, sponsoring, protecting, role modeling, networking, and informing (Green & Bauer, 1995; Rose, 2005; Winston & Polkosnik, 1984). Advisors are important for student training, program completion, career advancement, social networks, research and publication collabo- rations, and job placement (Bargar & Mayo-Chamberlain, 1983; Beiber & Worley, 2006; Long, 1992; Lyons, 1999). Advisors often engage in candid discussions about developmental issues that students encounter throughout graduate school. Good advisors are genuinely interested in students’ work and intellectual welfare. In addition, many students have two or more advisors. While the primary advisor is likely the chair of the student’s master’s and/or dissertation committees, secondary ad- visors may be part of their committee or play a more secondary role
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Systematic Disadvantage in Graduate Student Mentorship 879
throughout the student’s graduate career. For example, they may not be in the same research area, but give students advice on professional development.
While the existing literature on graduate mentorship has focused pri- marily on the functions of advisors, recent research has explored how graduate students systematically categorize their advisors’ character- istics (Noy & Ray, forthcoming; Rose, 2005; Zhao, Golde, & McCor- mick, 2007). Using data from The Ideal Mentor Scale (Rose, 2003), Rose (2005) examines how demographic and academic characteristics determine graduate students’ preferences for three styles of mentoring (e.g., integrity, guidance, and relationship). With data from 537 graduate students at two Midwestern universities, Rose (2005) found that women were more likely to prefer mentors who value integrity, and interna- tional and younger students were more likely to prefer mentors who es- tablish relationships with their students. While Rose (2005) took into account gender and international status, she did not examine the role of race and focused only on the Midwestern context. Contrary to her ex- pectations, Rose (2005) did not find discipline differences.
Using data from the Survey on Doctoral Education and Career Prepa- ration, Zhao, Golde, and McCormick (2007) found that graduate stu- dents perceive advisor attributes as clustering into distinct types, and that these items cluster similarly across primary and secondary advi- sors.1 From the same data set, Noy and Ray (forthcoming) come to sim- ilar conclusions and identify six distinct advisor types—affective, in- strumental, intellectual, available, respectful, and exploitative. Advisors may embody several of these types as students may view an advisor as simultaneously offering high instrumental and intellectual support. In this paper, we build on this research by using the six advisor types iden- tified by Noy and Ray to examine racial, gender, and discipline differ- ences in advisor support. Below, we describe each of these types, which form our dependent variable.
The affective advisor can be categorized as a therapist. This type of advisor is perceived to care for students’ overall well-being. Character- istics include being sensitive to the needs of students, providing emo- tional support, and showing concern for students’ professional and per- sonal lives. So despite public perception, some professors actually pro- vide just as much psychosocial support, compared to career support, to their students (Waldeck et al., 1997). Cusanovich and Gilliland (1991) argue that personalization is what separates good and average advisors.
The instrumental advisor is consonant with classic ideas of a pro- fessor as a professional mentor and a graduate student as an appren- tice. The instrumental advisor caters more directly to the professional
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼880 The Journal of Higher Education
demands of graduate training including funding, publishing, network- ing, conducting research, and teaching. Professors who embody the in- strumental advisor type do not view mentoring as a one-way relation- ship. Rather, instrumental advisors seek input from their students. In- strumental advisors also advocate for students in their department and discipline.
The intellectual advisor type provides feedback, assesses students’ progress, directs research training, and advises on research matters. The intellectual advisor can be linked with common assumptions of the ar- chetypical, consummate research professor who focuses on publishing and guides students with respect to research. Like the instrumental ad- visor, intellectual advisors limit their primary involvement to a profes- sional, academic capacity. Distinct from the instrumental advisor, how- ever, the intellectual advisor is less of a guide and more of a monitor: the advisor provides feedback on research and focuses on progress to- wards degree completion.
The fourth advisor type is labeled as available because students’ per- ceive them as being available to help with research and discuss program progress. The available advisor fits with ideas of the professor who al- ways has their door open and responds to emails thoroughly and timely. Bargar and Mayo-Chamberlain (1983) contend that ongoing conversa- tions establish an intellectual and affective advisor/advisee relationship.
While these aforementioned advisor types are beneficial to graduate students in different ways, it does not mean that affective, instrumental, intellectual, and available mentors are perceived as respectful. The re- spectful advisor type taps the interpersonal relations that occur between professors and graduate students by taking into account whether advi- sors respect their students’ ideas, theoretical and substantive perspec- tives, opinions, and sociopolitical positions in a racialized, gendered, and classed society. This dimension captures, more than anything, stu- dents’ perceived intellectual standing with their advisors: do their advi- sors respect their ideas? Respect of ideas is perhaps the most important currency in academia and plays a substantial role in graduate progress, letters of recommendation, and future job prospects.
Finally, everyone has heard “horror stories” about advisors who ex- ploit their power over graduate students. The exploitative advisor type encompasses professors who use students as a source of labor, make excessive demands on their time, and treat them as indentured servants. This is in stark contrast to the respectful advisor who treats students with dignity, rather than a lower-tier scholar and person. Unfortunately, as katz and Harnett (1976) assert, advisors who possess negative char- acteristics are a part of many students’ experiences. Not all students,
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Systematic Disadvantage in Graduate Student Mentorship 881
however, seem to experience an equal number of positive and negative interactions. Research contends that certain students may have a dis- proportionate number of negative interactions with faculty and that this disadvantage falls along discipline, racial, and gender lines.
With the exception of an exploitative advisor, each of these advi- sor types provides different facets that are important for doctoral stu- dent training, success, and satisfaction (see Noy & Ray, forthcoming). While affective support may be important for the mental health, well- being, and coping strategies of graduate students, it may be less useful for professional development. Although having an intellectual advisor is clearly important to those seeking a research-intensive position be- cause of these advisors focus on research, a more instrumental advisor is important for helping those students who are deciding how to use their degree. Instrumental advisors discuss a variety of possible career paths and request students’ feedback on matters relating to both teach- ing and research. Since respect of ideas functions as a graduate student’s perception of their professor’s evaluation of their scholarly worth, this facet may be essential in all institutional contexts and across different types of career aspirations.
Disciplinary Differences in Graduate Student Mentorship
Due to different structural conditions (e.g., the lab setting versus in- dividual meetings) that pattern interactions between faculty and gradu- ate students, advisor support may differ along discipline lines (Austin, 2002; Golde & Walker, 2006). Golde and Walker draw attention to the different expectations of graduate students across disciplines. Austin (2002) notes that disciplinary contexts shape graduate experience and socialization. Specifically, there may be differences between the physi- cal/biological sciences and the social sciences/humanities (Zhao, Golde, & McCormick, 2007). Labs are normally operated by one faculty mem- ber who has graduate students working on a grant funded to that faculty member who coordinates the lab, supervises students, and serves as the advisor (Tinto, 1993). In addition, students are often paid from fund- ing lines on projects proposed by the advisors. Thus, advisors are both mentors and bosses. In these settings, students’ ideas may be less likely to be incorporated into academic work and advisors may provide less affective and instrumental support due to the structural conditions of the lab and culture of the discipline.
On the other hand, graduate students in the social sciences and hu- manities normally have a different set of interactions with faculty. The setting is usually the advisor’s office in a one-on-one format and the
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼882 The Journal of Higher Education
discussion normally centers on the student’s work. These structural dif- ferences between disciplines may shape students’ perceptions of advi- sors. Consequently, graduate students in the physical/biological sciences may rate their advisors as less supportive than students in the social sci- ences/humanities. Therefore, discipline may serve as an axis of inequal- ity concerning the quality of advising relationships.
Gender Differences in Graduate Student Mentorship
Women face a systemic and numerical disadvantage in higher edu- cation when compared with men. Although women earned 51% of all doctoral degrees in 2007–2008, compared to 42% a decade earlier (U.S. Department of Education, 2010), they continue to be less likely to ob- tain tenure, full professor rank, and be in the upper quintile of faculty salaries (Glazer-Raymo, 2001, 2008). They are also more likely to have longer stints at each stage of the academic pipeline (Committee, 1992; Petrzelka, 2005). While women outnumber men in the student popula- tion, men outnumber women in faculty, administrative, and managerial positions at the university (Johnsrud & Heck, 1994; kolodyny, 2000; McCall et al., 2000). The women in science literature shows that gen- der disparities are even greater in the physical/biological sciences (Fox, 2001; fox, Sonnert, & Nikiforova, 2009; Herzig, 2004).
The lower numerical representation of women in the faculty ranks means that women may be more likely to be advised by male professors (Burke & Mckeen, 1990; Noe, 1988). As a result, women may experi- ence the mentoring process differently than men (Rose, 2005; Wilde & Schau, 1991; Zhao, Golde, & McCormick, 2007). fried and colleagues (1996) found that male graduate students were significantly more likely to report that their mentors provided instrumental support by enhancing their visibility in the discipline by including them in conference pro- ceedings and helping them network with other scholars. Men were also less likely to report that they had an exploitative advisor (Fried et al., 1996).
In addition to having different mentoring experiences, women may actually prefer different types of advising. Rose (2005), for example, finds that women preferred mentors who valued them as a person. In her study of over 400 professionals, Collins (1983) comes to a similar con- clusion stating that women preferred mentors who provided encourage- ment and instilled confidence. These studies suggest that women may be more likely to gravitate to advisors who provide affective forms of sup- port. Given the exploitation that some female graduate students report in interactions with faculty, they may be more likely to seek secondary
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Systematic Disadvantage in Graduate Student Mentorship 883 advisors who provide the type of support they desire (forrett & Dough-
erty, 2001).
Racial Differences in Graduate Student Mentorship
Similar to gender, race serves as a sorting mechanism throughout the educational and academic life course. Spann (1990) highlights the “chilly climate” concerning the lack of respect and support for scholars of color. Existing research notes that scholars of color in higher educa- tion face isolation, exclusion, marginalization, devaluation, and alien- ation (Padilla & Chavez, 1995; Turner & Myers, 2000). They are un- derrepresented and disadvantaged in most aspects of academia includ- ing graduate degrees, salaries, and promotions (Allen, 1992; Golde & Walker, 2006; Hoffman, Llagas, & Snyder, 2003; Thomas & Hollens- head, 2001; Turner & Myers, 2000). In addition, scholars of color report more interpersonal difficulties and challenges with both students and professors (Turner & Myers, 2000).
Although these interpersonal difficulties are prevalent at all levels, much research focuses on the challenges of junior faculty of color rather than graduate students. The Collaborative on Academic Careers in Higher Education (COACHE, 2007) conducted a survey of nontenured, tenure-track faculty. They found that faculty of color, in comparison to whites, reported lower levels of satisfaction in personal interactions with tenured professors, fewer opportunities to collaborate with tenured faculty, and less fair and equitable treatment than other colleagues. Two notable challenges that faculty of color raised was a lack of affirma- tion for their intellectual contributions and being excluded from the academic discourse. for example, W. E. B. Du Bois, who was one of the first social theorists on race, is not included in many social theory courses in sociology despite the widespread recognition of his contribu- tion by scholars across disciplines (Ray, 2011). The marginalization ex- perienced by scholars of color speaks not only to the fact that their ideas and research are devalued, but that their core academic identities are de- valued as well. While it is a common assumption that Asian Americans may not face the same issues as other minority groups, the COACHE (2007) study reveals otherwise and finds that Asian Americans report similar experiences and treatment to African Americans and Latinos.
These experiences speak to intellectual isolation, benign neglect, and a lack of respect that may begin and be compounded by advisor/student relations in graduate school. Minority graduate students may perceive that their advisors are less invested in their work and less likely to be in- strumental in their development as a scholar. It may also lead to minority
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼884 The Journal of Higher Education
graduate students working almost exclusively with faculty of color, if they are available (Stanley, 2006). In fact, some students of color find themselves having to work with faculty outside of their home depart- ment just to find someone willing to mentor them and allow them to research their topics of interest (few, Stephens, & Rouse-Arnett, 2003; Thomas & Hollenshead, 2001). Morgan’s (1980) research implies that while students of color may be disadvantaged in primary mentorship, they may find supportive advisors who serve in a secondary role.
Given what we know about the experiences and treatment of women and students of color, are women of color doubly disadvantaged? Ex- isting research suggest that women of color are hit with “a double whammy” of marginalization in academia (Clark & Corcoran, 1986; Thomas & Hollenshead, 2001; Turner, 2002; Tuner & Myers, 2000, p. 106). Next, we examine the utility of the intersectionality framework for exploring the importance of the intersection of race and gender on advi- sor/student relations (Bonner, 2006).
The Intersection of Race and Gender in Graduate Student Mentorship
The “interlocking effects of gender and race” (Turner & Myers, 2000, p. 106) suggest that women of color experience more disadvantage than white women and men of color. In her examination of legal policies on violence against women, Crenshaw (1991) shows that race-based pri- orities often suppress issues facing women and feminist priorities sup- press the concerns of minority women. According to Crenshaw (1991, p. 1282), “Race and gender converge so that the concerns of minority women fall into the void between concerns about women’s issues and concerns about racism.” Consequently, women of color remain on the outside looking in and are continuously mapped onto the margins of al- liances that they should be in the center of.2
The intersectionality framework (Chafetz, 1997; Choo & ferree, 2010; Collins, 2000, 2004; Crenshaw, 1989, 1991; few, 2007) becomes useful for examining how gender and race simultaneously influence the treatment graduate students receive and interpret from interactions with faculty advisors. Emerging in the aftermath of the Civil Rights and Women’s Liberation Movements, the intersectionality framework devel- oped in opposition to theoretical approaches that conceptualize catego- ries of difference such as gender and race as disconnected, individual constructs. Accordingly, intersectionality theory takes a holistic, active approach to the empirical experience. Coined and tested by Crenshaw (1989, 1991) and led by pioneers of Black feminism such as Davis (1981), Lorde (1984), and Collins (1986, 2000, 2004), intersectionality
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Systematic Disadvantage in Graduate Student Mentorship 885
focuses on the similarities and differences that are situated in the spaces within the overlap of identities and categories instead of between them (Valentine, 2007). Gender and race “are not separate and additive, but interactive and multiplicative in their effects” (Chaftez, 1997, p. 115).
The intersectionality framework can be a useful theoretical tool for broadening the breadth of education research on gender and race dispar- ities. The purpose of intersectionality theory within the education litera- ture is to provide a much needed lens to construct a space for the mul- tiplicity of social identities and categories that provide context-specific scripts for marginalized groups (few, 2007). As Collins (2004) asserts, an intersectionality approach that speaks to the racialized and gendered lens by which society functions can help illuminate the nature of exist- ing inequalities within domains. Within higher education, implementing an intersectionality approach reformulates how to view the meaning and interpretation of relations between faculty and students by deconstruct- ing traditional frames of whiteness and maleness.
Taken together, intersectionality provides a frame to examine the in- tersections of gender and race in higher education. Given research about the challenges students of color and women face, intersectionality sug- gests that raced and gendered experiences in graduate school may be multiplicative. Therefore, the experiences of being female and non- white, may elicit a unique experience within higher education. Graduate students with experiences that make their race and gender salient may have specific research agendas. Yet, these ideas may not fit within the traditional theoretical cannon of their disciplines. As a result, women of color may interpret their advisors’ comments to be disrespectful of their personal experiences and identities. Consequently, they may be less likely than white women, white men, and men of color, to report that their advisors are respectful of their ideas and provide other forms of advisor support. Therefore, we use the intersectionality framework to query how the advisor/student relationship of women of color may be distinct from other students.3
Methodology Data
In order to explore the ways in which race and gender impact doctoral students’ assessments of their advisors, we use data from the Survey on Doctoral Education and Career Preparation (Golde & Dore, 2001). The survey is a national, cross-sectional study of advanced doctoral students in 11 disciplines at 27 universities. To our knowledge, this survey is the only dataset that draws its sample from a variety of universities and
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼886 The Journal of Higher Education
disciplines and includes questions on students’ perceptions of their pri- mary and secondary advisors. Doctoral students who began their stud- ies in the fall of 1996 or earlier and were still pursuing their doctoral education in 1999 were included in the sample. The vast majority of respondents (94%) were full-time students. Fifty percent are women and 15% are students of color, including African American, Latino, Asian American, Native American, biracial, and multiracial students. In an ef- fort to increase the racial diversity of the sample, the survey includes students affiliated with the Compact for faculty Diversity. The Compact for faculty Diversity is composed of regional, federal, and foundation programs focused on minority graduate education and faculty diversity. It aims to increase the percentage of racial minorities who obtain doc- toral degrees and faculty positions. All of the students assessed in this paper were born in the United States.
The disciplines of the study represent four main areas: humanities (art history, English, history, and philosophy; 36% of the sample), social sci- ences (psychology and sociology; 21%), physical sciences (chemistry, geology, and mathematics; 20%), and biological sciences (ecology and molecular biology; 23%). The data are based on 4,114 completed sur- veys with a response rate of 42.3% utilizing both paper and web sur- veys.4 After excluding students who did not have an advisor and those who identified their discipline as “other,” the sample comprised 4,010 students.
The survey only included students who spent at least three years in their program. This sampling strategy is important for this paper for a few reasons. First, a majority of students who make it to their third year end up completing their doctoral degree. Second, they are more likely to have chosen and established a relationship with their primary advi- sor. Third, most graduate students in their third year or higher have been socialized to the culture and inner workings of their department. This sampling decision also leads to a limitation of the data. We do not have information on the students who dropped out of the program. This may be a key group for examining systematic disadvantage. Nonetheless, this study can be considered as optimizing the point at which we would expect for the advisor/student relationship to be most solidified—the third year of graduate training or after.
Measures
Outcome Variables: Advisor Type. We focus on the section of the sur- vey that asked respondents to identify the extent to which their advisor displays particular behaviors or traits. The list comprises 24 items and respondents used a 4-point Likert scale (“strongly disagree” to “strongly agree”) in response to the root question: “Advisors engage in many dif-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Systematic Disadvantage in Graduate Student Mentorship 887
ferent behaviors. For each of these statements, indicate the extent that it describes the behavior of your advisor” (see Tables A1 and A2 in the Appendix for a list of these items). This set of questions was asked about the student’s primary and secondary advisor.
Following Noy and Ray (forthcoming), we identify six dimensions of mentorship: affective, instrumental, intellectual, exploitative, available, and respectful. Tables A1 and A2 indicate the items that make up each scale and the Cronbach alphas of each scale (the items for each scale loaded at > 0.62). The last dimension, respectful, is made up of only one item and taps something uniquely different from the other advisor type scales. Therefore, we made it a distinct advisor type. Collectively, these types can be viewed as being consistent with categorizations about the various types of advisors indicated to exist in doctoral education.
Explanatory Variables: Race, Gender, and Controls. To test the util- ity of the intersectionality framework, we compare women of color to white women, white men, and men of color.5 The small number of stu- dents of color prevents a detailed analysis of specific racial groups.6 We also compare the social sciences and humanities to the physical and bio- logical sciences as previous literature indicates there may be important differences in mentorship by discipline, as it may function as another axis of inequality in graduate student training and mentoring.
The descriptive statistics are presented in Table 1 where advisor types are each measured on scales of 1 to 4 where a higher score means a student identifies their advisor as having more of that particular attri- bute. In terms of the explanatory variables, we first examine differences between men and women, where women comprise 55% of the sample. Second, we examine differences between students of color and white students, where students of color comprise 15% of the sample. Next, we examine differences between white men (39% of the sample), men of color (5% of the sample), white women (46% of the sample) and women of color (10% of the sample). We then introduce differences be- tween those in the biological and physical sciences (40% of the sample) and those in the social sciences and the humanities (60% of the sample). In addition to race, gender, and discipline, we control for other factors that might influence students’ perceptions of their advisors. These vari- ables include number of years in the doctoral program (5.16 years sam- ple average), amount of time between BA completion and the start of the doctoral program (with an average of 3.25 years), relationship status (capturing whether respondents were partnered; 55% of the sample), pa- rental status (whether respondents had children; 16% of the sample), and parent’s education (an ordinal variable measuring parents’ educa- tional attainment).
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 1
Descriptive Statistics for the variables Used in the Analysis
Outcome Variables
Affective primary advisor Instrumental primary advisor Intellectual primary advisor Exploitative primary advisor Available primary advisor Respectful primary advisor Affective secondary advisor Instrumental secondary advisor Intellectual secondary advisor Exploitative secondary advisor Available secondary advisor Respectful secondary advisor
2.65 0.66 2.81 0.71 1.81 0.79 3.24 0.71 3.43 0.71 2.92 0.69 2.56 0.63 2.75 0.66 1.61 0.67 3.18 0.67 3.49 0.63
(1, 4) (1, 4) (1, 4) (1, 4) (1, 4) (1, 4) (1, 4) (1, 4) (1, 4) (1, 4) (1, 4) (1, 4)
3,278 Scale for instrumental primary advisor 3,280 Scale for intellectual primary advisor 3,274 Scale for exploitative primary advisor 3,278 Scale for available primary advisor 3,274 Item for respectful primary advisor 1,985 Scale for affective secondary advisor 1,996 Scale for instrumental secondary advisor 1,994 Scale for intellectual secondary advisor 1,943 Scale for exploitative secondary advisor 2,017 Scale for available secondary advisor 1,999 Item for respectful secondary advisor
Explanatory Variables Women
0.55 0.50 0.15 0.36 0.39 0.49 0.05 0.46 0.46 0.50 0.10 0.29 0.40 0.49
(0, 1) (0, 1) (0, 1) (0, 1) (0, 1) (0, 1) (0, 1)
3,341 1ifwoman;0ifman
3,341 1 if student of color; 0 if not student of color
3,341 1 if white man; 0 if not white man
3,341 1 if male student of color; 0 if not male student of color
3,341 1 if white women; 0 if not white women
3,341 1 if woman student of color; 0 if not woman student of color;
3,341 1 if in the biological or physical sciences; 0 if in the social sciences or humanities
Students of color
White men
Men of color
White women
Women of color
Biological and physical sciences
Mean SD 2.82 0.75
Range
N Description
3,278 Scale for affective primary advisor
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 1 (Continued)
Descriptive Statistics for the variables Used in the Analysis
Control variables Parents’ education
(1, 5)
bachelor’s; 4 if has an MA/professional degree; 5 if has a PhD 3,341 Years of between the BA and the PhD
3,308 1 if has a partner; 0 if single
3,229 1 if has children; 0 if no children
Years off between BA and PhD Relationship status
3.25 4.94 0.55 0.50
(0, 46) (0, 1)
Parental status
0.16 0.36
(0, 1)
Mean SD 3.44 1.26
Range
N Description
3,338 1 if R’s parent has no college education; 2 if some college; 3 if has completed a
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼890 The Journal of Higher Education Analysis
The average regression sample size for primary advisor measures is 3,277 and the average sample size for secondary advisor measures is 1,989. We include all available cases for any particular outcome. Sup- plementary analyses indicate that the results are robust when we limit the sample size to only those with full information on all variables in the analysis. It should be noted that we also conducted the analysis with those who only have a secondary advisor and reached similar results.7 Therefore, we retained the full sample for the analysis of primary ad- visors. The analyses for secondary advisor outcomes were conducted with a limited sample size as approximately 40% of the students in the sample indicated they did not have a secondary advisor. This percentage is similar by race and gender. In other words, the possession of a sec- ondary advisor is not an axis of inequality.
We use ordinary least squares (OLS) regression for all of the advi- sor types, except for the respectful advisor item, to examine how gen- der, race, and discipline affect students’ perceptions of their primary and secondary advisors’ behaviors. We analyze the respectful advisor item using ordinal logistic regression. While we focus on race and gender ef- fects, we recognize that differences may be a function of other factors. Therefore, we control for time off between degrees, years in the gradu- ate program, relationship status, parental status, and parent’s education. The results are robust to the inclusion of controls so we display only the full model coefficients but do not display the coefficients for the control variables themselves.
Results
Race and Gender Differences in Students’ Perceptions of Their Doctoral Advisors
Table 2 shows regression models of graduate students’ perceptions of their primary and secondary advisors by race and gender. We find that women, compared to men, report that their primary advisors are more affective by 0.07 of a point on a 4-point scale (B = 0.07, p < 0.01).8 They also report having a more instrumental (B = 0.08, p < 0.01) and affective (B = 0.14, p < 0.001) secondary advisor than men. More spe- cifically, women categorize their secondary advisors as more affective and instrumental by providing emotional support when needed, being sensitive and caring, and assisting with the development of professional relationships.
Students of color report having a less respectful primary advisor than whites. The odds of believing that students’ primary advisors treat them
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Systematic Disadvantage in Graduate Student Mentorship 891
with respect are 24% lower for students of color than for their white counterparts, all else equal (B = -0.27, p < 0.01).
Overall, these results indicate that women are actually identifying their advisors as providing more support than men. However, the fact that students of color, compared to whites, report their primary advisors to be less respectful implies disadvantage. While this disadvantage is not in terms of resources and attention, it does capture students’ of color perceptions that their primary advisors hold more negative assessments of their ideas. As a whole, when examining race and gender separately, we do not find overwhelming support for systematic disadvantage. In fact, our findings document that women may actually be advantaged in graduate mentorship. Below, we explore whether race and gender inter- sect to shape disadvantage in graduate mentorship.
The intersectionality framework highlights the importance of ex- amining how race and gender operate in tandem, arguing that people’s experiences are a combination of these attributes. In order to explore whether women of color report more disadvantage in advisor support than others, we examine the differences between women of color, white women, white men, and men of color. As Table 2 indicates, women of color are at a disadvantage in primary mentorship. Compared to white men, they view their primary advisors as providing less instrumental support (B = -0.10, p < 0.05) and being less respectful (B = -0.42, p < 0.05). These negative effects for women of color hold even when com- pared with men of color and white women. However, women of color indicate their advisors are less exploitative than white men (B = -0.10, p < 0.05). Men of color, while not different from white men and women in how respectful their primary advisors are, report receiving less af- fective support from their secondary advisors compared to both white women and women of color.
Finally, white women are more advantaged than all other groups. Compared to women of color, they report a more instrumental and re- spectful primary advisor. They also indicate that their secondary advisor provides more instrumental support than white men and is more affec- tive than both white men and students of color. So once we disaggregate the sample by the intersection of race and gender, we see that the inter- sectionality framework holds showing that women of color are the most disadvantaged in advisor support.
Disciplinary Differences in Students’ Perceptions
So far, we have not separated the sample by discipline. Because of the nature of socialization and professionalization across the physical sciences, biological sciences, social sciences, and humanities, there is
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 2
Regressions of Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Primary and Secondary Advisors’ Attributes, by Gender and Race and Gender and Race Groups
By Gender and Race Women
0.07** (0.03) -0.01 (0.04)
-0.01 0.01 (0.02) (0.03) -0.06 <0.01 (0.03) (0.04) 2.93 2.98
-0.05 <0.01
-0.04 (0.07) -0.27** (0.10)
Students of color Constant
(0.03) -0.05 (0.04)
(0.03) -0.01 (0.04)
N
2.78 3,159
3,159 3,162
2.28 3,155
3.30 3,159
3,156
By Gender and Race Groups Women of color
0.04 (0.05) 0.07 (0.06)
-0.10WM, WW 0.01 (0.04) (0.05) 0.01 0.01 (0.05) (0.06)
-0.10 WM (0.05) -0.03 (0.07)
-0.03 (0.05) 0.03 (0.06) 0.01 (0.03) 3.30
-0.42WM, WW. MC
Men of color
(0.12) 0.08 WC
White women
0.09 WM
(0.03) (0.02) (0.03)
(0.17) 0.03WC
Constant
2.77 2.92 2.98 3,159 3,159 3,162
2.28 3,155
N
3,159
Affective Primary Advisor
Instrumental Intellectual Primary Primary Advisor Advisor
Exploitative Available Primary Primary Advisor Advisor
Respectful Primary Advisora
< 0.01WC 0.02 -0.05 (0.03)
(0.08) 3,156
Notes. Standard errors included in parentheses below the coefficient.
The reference category to which the coefficients refer is white men. Superscripts for the gender and race groups indicate significant differences at the 0.05 level (F tests for all advisor types except for the respectful advisor type, which uses χ2 tests) where WM = white men, MC = men of color, WW = white women and WC = women of color.
All regressions include controls for number of years in the doctoral program, amount of time between BA completion and the start of the doctoral program, relation- ship status, parental status, and parents’ education. Coefficients for controls are available from the authors on request.
a Regressions for the respectful advisor item is based on an ordinal logistic regression. Cut points are not displayed but available from the authors upon request. Ordi- nary Least Squares (OLS) regressions are used for all other advisor types.
for all other coefficients: *, **, *** significant at 0.05, 0.01, and 0.001 level.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 2 (Continued)
Regressions of Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Primary and Secondary Advisors’ Attributes, by Gender and Race and Gender and Race
Groups
By Gender and Race
Women 0.14***
Students of color Constant
0.08 0.06 0.04 (0.05) (0.04) (0.04)
(0.03) -0.03 (0.04)
(0.03) 0.05 (0.04) 3.23
(0.09) -0.05 (0.13)
N
2.72 1,916
2.59 1,927
2.90 1,925
1.89 1,879
1,949
1,930
By Gender and Race Groups Women of color
0.27WM, MC, WW
0.16WM (0.05)
0.1 (0.05)
-0.08
0.1 (0.05) -0.02 (0.07)
0.05 (0.16) 0.11 (0.21) 0.19 (0.10)
Men of color
(0.06) -0.03WC, WW
(0.06) < 0.01
White women
(0.07) -0.03 (0.03)
0.02 (0.03) 3.24
Constant
1.89 1,879
N
1,916 1,927 1,925
1,949
1,930
Affective Instrumental Intellectual Secondary Secondary Secondary Advisor Advisor Advisor
Exploitative Secondary Advisor
Available Secondary Advisor
Respectful Secondary Advisora
0.08** 0.05 (0.03) (0.03) (0.03)
-0.03 0.03 0.16
0.03
(0.07) (0.07) (0.07) 0.12WM, WC. MC 0.08 WM 0.04 (0.03) (0.03) (0.03) 2.73 2.59 2.90
0.02
Notes. Standard errors included in parentheses below the coefficient.
The reference category to which the coefficients refer is white men. Superscripts for the gender and race groups indicate significant differences at the 0.05 level (F tests for all advisor types except for the respectful advisor type, which uses χ2 tests) where WM = white men, MC = men of color, WW = white women and WC = women of color.
All regressions include controls for number of years in the doctoral program, amount of time between BA completion and the start of the doctoral program, relationship status, parental status, and parents’ education. Coefficients for controls are available from the authors on request.
a Regressions for the respectful advisor item is based on an ordinal logistic regression. Cut points are not displayed but available from the authors upon request. Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regressions are used for all other advisor types.
for all other coefficients: *, **, *** significant at 0.05, 0.01, and 0.001 level.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼894 The Journal of Higher Education
reason to believe that meaningful differences may exist. Typically, stu- dents in the physical sciences work in labs and in close proximity to their primary advisors, and are often attached to lab-based grants. In the social sciences and humanities, in terms of both location and subject matter, students’ research is often farther removed from that of their ad- visors and advisor/student relations become much more oriented toward the research of the students. As we are ultimately interested in whether discipline influences perceptions of mentorship by race and gender, we group the biological and physical sciences together and the humanities and social sciences together.9
Table 3 shows regression models by discipline only. Besides students in the biological and physical sciences reporting more instrumental sup- port in their primary advisors (B = 0.13, p < 0.001), they report more disadvantage on every other primary and secondary advisor type when compared to students in the social sciences and humanities (coefficients ranging between-0.08 and -0.81, p < 0.05). In other words, students in the biological and physical sciences perceive their primary and second- ary advisors as universally providing less support, with the exception of instrumental support in their primary advisors. It seems that if a form of systematic disadvantage is occurring for advisor/student relations, it is definitely at the discipline level.
Does Discipline Pattern Race and Gender Differences?
In order to examine whether discipline matters for how students of color and women perceive their advisors, we run separate regression models by discipline. We present these results in Table 4. We find that students of color in the social sciences and humanities report their pri- mary advisors to be less respectful (B = -0.40, p < 0.01) and instru- mental (B = -0.10, p < 0.05) than white men.10 The respect finding is consistent with the results documented in Table 2. In terms of the role of gender on advisor support for students in the social sciences and hu- manities, the only statistically significant effect is for women who re- port more affective secondary advisors (B = 0.09, p < 0.05) than men. This finding is also consistent with Table 2.
For those in the physical and biological sciences, there are no dif- ferences between students of color and whites for primary advisors.11 Students of color report having a more available and less exploitative secondary advisor. Unlike women in the social sciences and humanities, the odds of women in the biological and physical sciences believing that their primary advisor treats their ideas with respect are 0.78 times lower than for men (B = -0.25, p < 0.05). Women in the biological and physical sciences, however, are overwhelmingly positive about their
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 3
Regressions of Biological and Physical Sciences Doctoral Students’ Perceptions of Their Primary and Secondary Advisors’ Attributes Compared with Social Sciences and Humanities Students
Biological and physical sciences Constant
-0.23*** (0.03)
0.13*** (0.02)
-0.14*** (0.03)
0.57*** (0.03)
-0.06* (0.03) 3.26
-0.81*** (0.07)
N
2.91 3,159
2.60 3,159
2.87 3,162
1.58 3,155
3,159
3,156
Affective Primary Advisor
Instrumental Primary Advisor
Intellectual Primary Advisor
Exploitative Primary Advisor
Available Primary Advisor
Respectful Primary Advisora
Notes. Standard errors included in parentheses below the coefficient.
a Regressions for the respectful advisor item is based on an ordinal logistic regression. Cut points are not displayed but available from the authors upon request. Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regressions are used for all other advisor types.
*, **, *** significant at 0.05, 0.01, and 0.001 level
TABLE 3 (Continued)
Regressions of Biological and Physical Sciences Doctoral Students’ Perceptions of Their Primary and Secondary Advisors’ Attributes Compared
with Social Sciences and Humanities Students
Biological and physical sciences Constant
-0.19*** (0.03)
-0.13*** (0.03)
-0.19*** (0.03)
0.26*** (0.03)
-0.08* (0.03) 3.20
-0.76*** (0.09)
N
2.99 1,916
2.60 1,927
2.82 1,925
1.53 1,879
1,949
1,930
Affective Secondary Advisor
Instrumental Secondary Advisor
Intellectual Secondary Advisor
Exploitative Secondary Advisor
Available Secondary Advisor
Respectful Secondary Advisora
Notes. Standard errors included in parentheses below the coefficient.
a Regressions for the respectful advisor item is based on an ordinal logistic regression. Cut points are not displayed but available from the authors upon request. Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regressions are used for all other advisor types.
*, **, *** significant at 0.05, 0.01, and 0.001 level
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 4
Regressions of Race and Gender on Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Primary and Secondary Advisors’ Attributes, by Discipline
Humanities and Social Sciences Women 0.03
-0.01 0.02 (0.03) (0.03)
-0.04 -0.07 (0.03) (0.10)
Constant 2.96
2.88 1,873
3.41 1,873
N 1,874 Biological and Physical Sciences
1,876 1,870
1,870
Women
0.08 -0.04 (0.04) (0.03)
-0.01 0.01 (0.04) (0.05)
0.03 (0.04)
-0.25* (0.11)
Students of color
0.03 < 0.01 0.08 -0.09
0.04 (0.06) 3.26
-0.24 (0.16)
Affective Instrumental Primary Primary Advisor Advisor
Intellectual Exploitative Primary Primary Advisor Advisor
Available Respectful Primary Primary Advisor Advisora
0.02 (0.03) (0.03)
Students of
color -0.05 -0.10*
-0.06 0.03 (0.05) (0.04) 3.11 1.83
-0.05 -0.40** (0.05) (0.13)
(0.05) (0.04)
(0.06) (0.05) Constant 2.78 2.91
(0.06) (0.07) 2.99 2.37
N 1,285 1,286
1,286 1,285
1,286
1,286
Notes. Standard errors included in parentheses below the coefficient.
All regressions include controls for number of years in the doctoral program, amount of time between BA completion and the start of the doctoral program, relationship status, parental status, and parents’ education. Coefficients for controls are available from the authors on request.
a Regressions for the respectful advisor item is based on an ordinal logistic regression. Cut points are not displayed but available from the authors upon request. Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regressions are used for all other advisor types.
*, **, *** significant at 0.05, 0.01, and 0.001 level
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 4 (Continued)
Regressions of Race and Gender on Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Primary and Secondary Advisors’ Attributes, by Discipline
Humanities and Social Sciences
Women
0.09* 0.04 (0.04) (0.04)
-0.01 0.04 (0.04) (0.04)
-0.03 -0.12 (0.04) (0.12)
Affective Instrumental Secondary Secondary Advisor Advisor
Intellectual Secondary
Exploitative Secondary Advisor
Available Second- Respectful Second- ary Advisor ary Advisora
Students of
color 0.07 0.08
0.03 0.06 (0.05) (0.05)
-0.03 -0.05 (0.05) (0.16)
Constant
(0.05) (0.05) 2.86 2.69
3.03 1,282
1.67 1,267
3.36
1,289 1,281
N
1,278 1,281 Biological and Physical Sciences
Women 0.18** 0.12*
0.12* 0.39* (0.05) (0.06) (0.05) (0.16)
Advisor
0.08
color 0.11 0.03 0.07 -0.21* 0.19** -0.03
Students of Constant
(0.06) (0.05)
N
638 646
643 612 660 649
(0.08) (0.07) 2.66 2.56
(0.07) (0.09) (0.07) (0.22) 2.86 2.01 3.11
Notes. Standard errors included in parentheses below the coefficient.
All regressions include controls for number of years in the doctoral program, amount of time between BA completion and the start of the doctoral program, relationship status, parental status, and parents’ education. Coefficients for controls are available from the authors on request.
a Regressions for the respectful advisor item is based on an ordinal logistic regression. Cut points are not displayed but available from the authors upon request. Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regressions are used for all other advisor types.
*, **, *** significant at 0.05, 0.01, and 0.001 level
-0.08
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼898 The Journal of Higher Education
secondary advisors compared to men. They report a more respectful (B = 0.39, p < 0.05), affective (B = 0.18, p < 0.05), instrumental (B = 0.12, p < 0.05), and available (B = 0.12, p < 0.05) secondary advisor.
In Table 5, we examine differences by discipline among women of color, men of color, white women, and white men. Within the social sciences and humanities, women of color report having less respectful primary advisors compared with white men, white women, and men of color. The odds of believing one’s primary advisor treats one’s ideas with respect are 42% lower for women of color as compared with white men (B = -0.55, p < 0.05). However, they report having a more affective (B = 0.20, p < 0.05) and instrumental (B = 0.13, p < 0.05) secondary advisor as compared with white men.12 Men of color, however, identify their secondary advisors as being more exploitative than white men (B = 0.20, p < 0.05).
As in the social sciences and humanities, women of color in the bi- ological/physical sciences perceive their primary advisors to be less respectful of their ideas than other groups (48% less likely than white men). Women of color also perceive their secondary advisors more fa- vorably and identify them as more affective (B = 0.33, p < 0.05) and available (B = 0.31, p < 0.05) and less exploitative (B = -0.26, p < 0.05) than white men.13 White men in the biological and physical sci- ences view their secondary advisors as more exploitative than students of color. White women, compared to white men, identify their primary advisors as more affective (B = 0.09, p < 0.05) and their secondary ad- visors as more affective (B = 0.16, p < 0.05), instrumental (B = 0.13, p < 0.05), and respectful (B = 0.43, p < 0.05).
Conclusion
Summary of Results
This paper had three central aims: (a) to explore whether race and gender establish a systematic disadvantage in graduate students’ percep- tions of their advisors; (b) to examine whether women of color experi- ence disadvantage compared to white women, white men, and men of color; and (c) to investigate how discipline affects graduate students’ raced and gendered perceptions of their primary and secondary advi- sors. We find that systematic disadvantage does exist in ways that con- firm and extend the literature on mentorship in graduate school. Con- cerning race, the results are fairly similar for whites and students of color with one important exception. Students of color consistently re- port that their primary advisor is less respectful of their ideas compared to whites. This finding aligns with research on the marginalization of
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 5
Regressions of Race and Gender Groups on Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Primary and Secondary Advisors’ Attributes, by Discipline
Humanities and Social Sciences Women of color -0.04
-0.1WW (0.05) -0.03 (0.08)
-0.07 (0.06) -0.06 (0.08) -0.01 (0.04) 3.11
0.04 (0.05) 0.08 (0.08) 0.02 (0.03) 1.82
-0.1 (0.06) -0.04 (0.08) -0.04 (0.04)
-0.55WM, MC, WW
(0.06) Men of color 0.03
(0.16) 0.01WC
(0.08) White women 0.05
0.03WC (0.03)
(0.24) 0.01WC
(0.04) Constant 2.95
(0.10)
N 1,874 Biological and Physical Sciences
2.87 1,873
3.41 1,873
Women of color 0.07 (0.08)
-0.07 (0.09) -0.12 (0.10) 0.01 (0.05) 2.37
0.03 (0.08) 0.09 (0.09) 0.04 (0.04) 3.25
-0.66WM. MC, WW
Men of color 0.1 (0.09)
(0.07) 0.05 (0.07)
(0.08) 0.09 (0.09)
(0.20) 0.10 WC
White women 0.09WM (0.05)
-0.03 (0.04) 2.91
-0.01 (0.04) 2.99
(0.24) -0.17 WC (0.11)
Constant 2.78 N 1,285
1,286
1,286
1,285
1,286
1,286
Affective Primary Advisor
Instrumental Primary Advisor
Intellectual Primary Advisor
Exploitative Primary Advisor
Available Primary Advisor
Respectful Primary Advisora
1,876 -0.06 0.06
1,870
1,870
Notes. Standard errors included in parentheses below the coefficient.
The reference category to which the coefficients refer is white men. Superscripts for the gender and race groups indicate significant differences at the 0.05 level (F tests for all advisor types except for the respectful advisor type, which uses χ2 tests) where WM = white men, MC = men of color, WW = white women and WC = women of color.
All regressions include controls for number of years in the doctoral program, amount of time between BA completion and the start of the doctoral program, relationship status, parental status, and parents’ education. Coefficients for controls are available from the authors on request.
aRegressions for the respectful advisor item is based on an ordinal logistic regression. Cut points are not displayed but available from the authors upon re- quest. Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regressions are used for all other advisor types.
for all other coefficients: *, **, *** significant at 0.05, 0.01, and 0.001 level
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 5 (Continued)
Regressions of Race and Gender Groups on Graduate Students’ Perceptions of Their Primary and Secondary Advisors’ Attributes, by Discipline
Humanities and Social Sciences
Women of color Men of color White women Constant
0.20WM, MC, WW
0.05 (0.06) -0.07 (0.09) -0.02 (0.04) 3.04
0.07 (0.06)
-0.02 (0.07) -0.19 (0.10) -0.06 (0.04) 3.38
-0.23 (0.20) 0.19 (0.31)
N
2.87 1,278
2.69 1,281
1,282
1,267
1,289
1,281
Biological and Physical Sciences
Women of color Men of color White women Constant
0.33 WM (0.11)
0.31 WM
(0.12) (0.10) (0.29)
N
612 660 649
Affective Secondary Advisor
Instrumental Secondary Advisor
Intellectual Secondary Advisor
Exploitative Secondary Advisor
Available Secondary Advisor
Respectful Secondary Advisora
0.13WM (0.07) (0.06)
-0.07 WC 0.04 (0.10) (0.09) 0.07 WC 0.03 (0.04) (0.04)
0.20WM (0.09)
0.04 (0.12)
0.16 (0.10)
-0.27 WM 0.20 0.11
0.14 (0.09) 0.05 (0.10)
0.1 (0.10)
-0.26 WM
0.28
0.16 WM
(0.06) (0.05) (0.06)
0.13 WM
2.66 2.56 2.85 638 646 643
(0.06) (0.06) (0.17) 2.01 3.00***
0.07 (0.04) 1.66
-0.07 (0.13)
(0.12) (0.11) (0.32) 0.11 -0.10 0.12* 0.43 WM
Notes. Standard errors included in parentheses below the coefficient.
The reference category to which the coefficients refer is white men. Superscripts for the gender and race groups indicate significant differences at the 0.05 level (F tests for all advisor types except for the respectful advisor type, which uses χ2 tests) where WM = white men, MC = men of color, WW = white women and WC = women of color.
All regressions include controls for number of years in the doctoral program, amount of time between BA completion and the start of the doctoral program, relationship status, parental status, and parents’ education. Coefficients for controls are available from the authors on request.
aRegressions for the respectful advisor item is based on an ordinal logistic regression. Cut points are not displayed but available from the authors upon re- quest. Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regressions are used for all other advisor types.
for all other coefficients: *, **, *** significant at 0.05, 0.01, and 0.001 level
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Systematic Disadvantage in Graduate Student Mentorship 901
the intellectual contributions of scholars of color (Padilla & Chavez, 1995; Turner & Myers, 2000).
In regards to gender, we find that women do not seem to perceive dis- advantage in advisor support. In fact, the results show that women actu- ally find more affective and instrumental support in their secondary ad- visors than men. These findings are in line with the gender socialization literature that asserts women are socialized to be more emotional and caring (Burke & Mckeen, 1990; Noe, 1988; van Emmerik, 2004). In turn, women doctoral students may search for secondary advisors who take interest in their personal lives and are concerned with their well- being besides just being a scholar.
Examining how race and gender operate in tandem, we find evidence that systematic disadvantage is concentrated among women of color. In other words, it is the intersecting effects of race and gender, rather than minority or gender status alone, that are driving perceptions of less advisor support. Women of color report having less respectful and sometimes less instrumental primary advisors than all other groups. It is important to note that these findings do not simply reflect an additive effect of double disadvantage. Rather these findings demonstrate the in- teractive and multiplicative effects of race and gender (Chaftez, 1997; Choo & ferree, 2010).
Another key finding from this study is that systematic disadvantage exists at the discipline level with students in the biological/physical sci- ences reporting their primary and secondary advisors to be overwhelm- ingly less supportive than those in the social sciences and humanities. Our findings are similar to those produced by Zhao, Golde, and McCor- mick (2007) who also found differences by discipline. Women in the bi- ological/physical sciences report a less respectful primary advisor but a more supportive secondary advisor than men. These findings correspond to the literature on women in science (fox, 2001; fox, Sonnert, & Niki- forova, 2009; Herzig, 2004), which documents that women in the physi- cal and biological sciences are numerically underrepresented and face difficult issues interacting with professors. As a result, they seek more supportive secondary advisors to obtain more beneficial mentorship.
Limitations
Although these data provide an opportunity to examine the experi- ences of a diverse array of graduate students from a variety of schools, they are not without limitations. First, as noted previously, small sam- ple sizes preclude us from modeling differences between specific racial groups. Research on racial stratification has noted the problems with assuming the homogeneity of experiences across racial/ethnic groups
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼902 The Journal of Higher Education
(Bonilla-Silva, 2004; Zuberi & Bonilla-Silva, 2008). We agree and urge future data collection efforts to allow for detailed comparisons of advi- sor/student relations by race/ethnicity. So while this paper goes a long way towards unpacking the experiences of students of color regarding how mentorship and discipline impact experiences in graduate school, it does not examine differences between specific racial/ethnic groups. In this regard, our pursuit to truly implement the intersectionality frame- work is limited in this manner as well. Education researchers should view this as a vital opportunity to build onto the findings and assertions made in this paper.
Second, the race and gender of the advisors are unknown. Therefore, we cannot examine gender and race matching between students and ad- visors. Third, we do not have specific information on the representative- ness of each school, nor about whether the response rates of women and students of color vary from the overall sample. Nonetheless, we believe these data provide an important opportunity to examine racial, gender, and discipline differences in students’ perceptions of their advisors.
Discussion
While we do not find systematic disadvantage for women of color along all dimensions, respect and instrumental support are very impor- tant components of mentoring. The fact that women of color report find- ing less of these types of support should not be underplayed. Being an instrumental advisor includes providing students with survival skills for being academics in their discipline, building professional relations on behalf of and with students, showing students how to obtain funding and publish, and advocating on students’ behalves. Some would con- sider these characteristics to be the most important duties of advisors to help graduate students matriculate through school, publish, obtain tenure-track positions, and get promoted once in those positions. These findings underscore the importance of an intersectionality approach (Choo & ferree, 2010; Collins, 2000; Crenshaw, 1991). Since women of color are reporting their mentors as possessing these two important qualities to a lesser extent than other groups, the intersectionality frame- work becomes useful in demonstrating systematic disadvantage in the quality of advisor/student relations.
What then explains these differences in respectful and instrumental mentorship? Some studies note that the type of research women of color engage in is viewed as “outside of the mainstream” (Few, Stephens, & Rouse-Arnett, 2003). This may be especially true for students in the so- cial sciences and humanities who address issues centering on race and gender. Yet, if it was simply the types of ideas that students were bring-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Systematic Disadvantage in Graduate Student Mentorship 903
ing to their advisors that were driving these group differences, we might expect only to see significant differences in the social sciences and hu- manities. In these fields, students often have more choice about their specialty and research projects as research and opportunity is less con- tingent on prescribed topics based on research grants.
The fact that even after controlling for a variety of factors, includ- ing discipline, demonstrates that women of color still perceive their ad- visors to be less respectful leads us to conjecture that perhaps racial- ized processes discussed in other areas of social life are also present in graduate education in the form of perceived discrimination in student- advisor relationships. For example, the medical sociology literature ar- gues that racial dynamics in the patient-doctor relationship (with minor- ity patients perceiving their doctors as less likely to provide informa- tion, care for their needs, and be concerned for their overall well-being) lead to people of color experiencing higher levels of distrust for doc- tors and the health care system (Blanchard & Lurie, 2004; kaplan et al., 2006; Laveist, Nickerson, & Bowie, 2000). Similarly, women of color in graduate school may perceive, interpret, and be subjected to less than satisfying interactions with faculty in the classroom, during one-on-one meetings, and in the quality and content of responses on their writing. These unsatisfying interactions between women of color and faculty members may surface in responses about respect in this study. These problematic interactions may lead to women of color being less likely to trust their advisors and listen to their advice. Consequently, they may have a more difficult time matriculating through their programs because they are perceived by some faculty as defiant and/or incapable of suc- ceeding at the doctoral level. In turn, women of color may be less likely to receive exceptional letters of recommendation and the types of jobs they believe they should obtain. In this regard, respect has dire conse- quences for the current and future outcomes of women of color in doc- toral programs.
Unlike primary advisor support, women of color across all disciplines report having more supportive secondary advisors. One plausible expla- nation for this finding is that women of color may seek out minority and/or female faculty who they believe will recognize, understand, and appreciate their raced/gendered academic and personal struggles (Craw- ford & Smith, 2005; few, Stephens, & Rouse-Arnett, 2003). Second- ary advisors may help women of color cope with the trials and tribula- tions of graduate school and unsatisfying interactions with faculty and other students. Secondary advisors also may be available to talk and assist with research endeavors and professional development. Students of color, African Americans and Latinos in particular, are more con-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼904 The Journal of Higher Education
centrated in the social sciences and humanities. As a result, they may be able to mobilize at various levels of the academic pipeline. These groups have organizations and programs that cater specifically to their needs and aim to ameliorate the lack of advisor support they receive in their home departments.
Still, it is unclear of the role that secondary advisors play in decision- making. While they may be a dissertation co-chair, they may also be an advisor in another field or a junior faculty member who provides re- spectful and instrumental support. It is a limitation that these data can- not answer this question, but having a secondary advisor is an important part of the experiences of students of color and women and should be addressed in future research.
Our results provide evidence of systematic disadvantage at the dis- cipline level with students in the biological/physical sciences reporting their primary and secondary advisors to be overwhelmingly less sup- portive than those in the social sciences and humanities. The lab setting potentially structures the type of mentoring interactions that occur in the physical/biological sciences. As a result, the culture of these fields is for students to talk about and work on the research of their advisors com- pared to discussing their own work. Students in the social sciences and humanities, on the other hand, are more likely to engage in settings with advisors that are more one-on-one and centered on their own research.
In sum, we find that women of color are the most disadvantaged in advisor support. Moreover, it is the intersection of race and gender that determines graduate mentorship the most. With these findings, this study helps move toward further unpacking differential experiences in graduate school. By extending existing analyses on racial and gendered dynamics of graduate training to a large, national sample of doctoral students in the U.S., our study builds on qualitative studies that describe and explore the experiences of women and minorities in graduate school (see Beiber & Worley, 2006; Lyons, 1999). future research should ex- amine whether the race and gender of graduate students’ primary and secondary advisors systematically impact perceptions of mentorship. Existing literature has indicated that faculty of color frequently face increased demands on the part of students of color who seek them as mentors, either for their specialty areas or because they may person- ally understand their experiences. Junior faculty members of color who may be the only one or two in their departments are further hampered with mentoring and service requests that hinder their ability to focus on research as much as their white counterparts (COACHE, 2007; Turner & Myers, 2000). Therefore, an exploration focused on the relationship between students and advisors who are of the same versus a different
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Systematic Disadvantage in Graduate Student Mentorship 905 race and gender will allow us to further clarify how students’ master sta-
tuses pattern their perceptions of advisors in graduate school.
Contributions and Broader Impacts
Our findings speak to a “mentoring glass ceiling” where women of color are provided with certain forms of support, but lack important interpersonal components of mentorship that makes relations with fac- ulty rewarding, pleasurable, and productive for their future successes as faculty members. In other words, women of color get material support but not interpersonal support. There is a difference between a professor reading a student’s paper and making comments, on one hand, and criti- cally analyzing the student’s ideas to help the paper along because they believe in it and the student, on the other.
While we applaud the efforts of some institutions for diversifying the racial and gender composition of their graduate programs, the inter- personal relations that occur within the social environments of higher education (e.g., classrooms, labs, offices) seem to be highly problematic and speak to further changes needed on an institutional level. There is a lot of emphasis on minority assimilation and acculturation, but what about the acculturation of whites regarding their interactions with stu- dents and faculty of color (see Davidson & foster-Johnson, 2001, for this discussion)? It is assumed that professors are open-minded about diversity. However, this does not always mean altering afforded privi- leges based on whiteness and maleness (Jackman & Muha, 1984).
Similar to others before us (Hill, 1991; Turner & Myers, 2000), our recommendations center on changing the organizational culture of de- partments so that students of color can experience the same respectful and instrumental interactions that many of their white colleagues are privy to. University and departmental workshops that address diversity, multiculturalism, and positive interpersonal communication should be institutionally incorporated. Universities need seminars for all faculty (rather than only junior faculty) at the beginning of the academic year on how various mentoring styles conform to the expectations of women, students of color, and women of color. Faculty awarded for their men- torship could lead these workshops. This dialogue may go a long way towards increasing faculty’s sensitivity to how their interpersonal re- lations with students are being perceived. Although some faculty and administrators, and perhaps even students, view the student-advisor re- lationship as strictly professional, doctoral education takes upwards of five years. Interpersonal feelings and issues inevitably arise and form a substantial part of these relationships. While faculty members definitely do not need added responsibilities on top of their current demands, it
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼906 The Journal of Higher Education
may be necessary and essential for higher education institutions to prop- erly reflect their true ideals. Representation is only part of addressing diversity and multiculturalism. Understanding and appreciation is the other half.
Notes
1 Zhao et al. (2007) also use factor analysis to identify advisor types, which are not identical but very similar to the advisor types we draw upon by Noy and Ray (forthcom- ing). Zhao et al (2007) found a “career development” type which corresponds exactly to our “instrumental” advisor type. Their “personal touch” advisor corresponds to our “af- fective” advisor and their “cheap labor” advisor to our “exploitative” advisor. They also found that the respect item did not load with the other advisor types. While they chose to exclude it, we include the respect item and analyze it as a separate category. They also found an “academic advising” type, which we disaggregate into an “intellectual” and “available” type of advisor. These distinctions emerge from our analysis on the in- tersections of race and gender.
2 While the intersectionality framework emphasizes differences that may exist be- tween women of color and white women, the framework has been extended to apply to class, sexual orientation, and several other axes of inequality. In graduate education, race and gender are found to influence mentor-student interaction, with disciplinary dif- ferences operating as another potential axis of inequality.
3 As discussed in the methods and discussion, the data preclude us from examining within group differences by race. Still, we are able to disentangle the intersections of race and gender to advance the literature on graduate student mentorship.
4 Unfortunately, we do not have specific information on the response rates of women and minorities.
5 Since international students (who constitute less than 10% of the sample) were not asked their race, we limit our analysis to U.S. citizens and residents as our aim was to interrogate the gendered and raced dynamics of mentorship in graduate school.
6 African Americans and Latinos each comprise four percent of the sample, while Asian Americans comprise five percent of the sample. Students in the “other race” cat- egory represent approximately one percent of the sample. While we ran analysis for spe- cific race and gender groups, small sample sizes rendered non-robust results. However, these analyses are available from the authors upon request.
7 In the limited sample, the effect of female on affective primary advisor and non- white women on instrumental primary advisor moves into marginal significance. Over- all, these results do not substantively change our conclusions.
8 At the bivariate level, women report having a less exploitative primary advisor.
9 We performed supplementary analyses comparing social sciences to humanities and physical sciences to biological sciences. We find that graduate students in the so- cial sciences report similar perceptions of their advisors as those in the humanities with a few exceptions. Graduate students in the social sciences report their primary advisors to be less respectful and more instrumental and exploitative and their secondary advi- sors to be more instrumental and exploitative than those in the humanities. In terms of differences between those in the biological and physical sciences, they all occur at the secondary advisor level. Students in the biological sciences report more respect- ful, affective, intellectual, and available secondary advisors than those in the physical sciences.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Systematic Disadvantage in Graduate Student Mentorship 907
10 The negative effect for students of color on instrumental primary advisor in the humanities and social sciences becomes statistically significant when adding in controls. 11 At the bivariate level for students in the biological and physical sciences, students of color report having a more intellectual advisor, although this effect moves out of sta-
tistical significance upon the inclusion of controls.
12 The significant effect of having a more instrumental secondary advisor for women
of color in the social sciences and humanities moves into significance upon the inclu- sion of control variables.
13 Bivariate regressions indicate that men of color in the biological/physical sciences identify their secondary advisors as less exploitative than white men, though this effect moves out of significance upon the inclusion of controls.
References
Allen, W. R. (1992). The color of success: African American college student outcomes at predominantly White and historically Black public colleges and universities. Harvard Educational Review, 62(1), 26–44.
Austin, A. E. (2002). Preparing the next generation of faculty: Graduate school as social- ization to the academic career. The Journal of Higher Education, 73, 94–122.
Bargar, R. R., & Mayo-Chamberlain, J. (1983). Advisors and advisee issues in doctoral education. The Journal of Higher Education, 54, 407–432.
Beiber, J. P., & Worley, L. k. (2006). Conceptualizing the academic life: Graduate stu- dents’ perspectives. The Journal of Higher Education, 77, 1009–1035.
Bellas, M. L. (1999). Emotional labor in academia: The case of professors. Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, 56, 96–110.
Blanchard, J., & Lurie, N. (2004). R-E-S-P-E-C-T: Patient reports of disrespect in the health care setting and its impact on care. Journal of Family Practice, 53(9), 721–730.
Bonilla-Silva, E. (2004). From bi-racial to tri-racial: Towards a New system of racial strat- ification in the U.S.A. Ethnic and Racial Studies, 27, 931–950.
Bonner, F. B. (2001). Addressing gender issues in the historically Black college and uni- versity community: A challenge and call to action. The Journal of Negro Education, 70, 176–191.
Burghardt, D. A., & Colbeck, C. L. (2005). Women’s studies faculty at the intersection of institutional power and feminist values. The Journal of Higher Education, 76, 301–330.
Burke, R. J., & Mckeen, C. A. (1990). Mentoring in organizations: Implications for wom- en. Journal of Business Ethics, 9, 317–332.
Chafetz, J. S. (1997). feminist theory and sociology: Underutilized contributions for mainstream theory. Annual Review of Sociology, 23, 97–120.
Choo, H., & ferree, M. M. (2010). Practicing intersectionality in sociological research: A critical analysis of inclusions, interactions, and institutions in the study of inequalities. Sociological Theory, 28, 129–149.
Clark, S. M., & Corcoran, M. (1986). Perspectives on the professional socialization of women faculty: A case of accumulative disadvantage? The Journal of Higher Educa- tion, 57, 20–43.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼908 The Journal of Higher Education
Collaborative on Academic Careers in Higher Education (COACHE). (2007). COACHE
Highlights Report 2007. Cambridge, MA.
Collins, P. H. (1986). The emerging theory and pedagogy of Black women’s studies. Femi-
nist Issues, 6, 3–17.
Collins, P. H. (2000). Black feminist thought: Knowledge, consciousness, and the politics
of empowerment. New York, NY: Routledge, Chapman, & Hall.
Collins, P. H. (2004). Black sexual politics: African-Americans, gender, and the new rac-
ism. New York, NY: Routledge.
Committee on the Status of Women. (1992). Improving the status of women in political
science. PS: Political Science and Politics, 25, 547–554.
Crawford, k., & Smith, D. (2005). The we and the us: Mentoring African American wom-
en. Journal of Black Studies, 36, 52–67.
Crenshaw, k. (1989). Demarginalizing the intersection of race and sex: A Black feminist critique of antidiscrimination doctrine, feminist theory and antiracist politics. University of Chicago Legal Forum, 139–167.
Crenshaw, k. (1991). Mapping the margins: Intersectionality, identity politics, and vio- lence against women of color. Stanford Law Review, 43, 1241–1299.
Cronan-Hillix, T., Gensheimer, L. k., Cronan-Hillix, W. A., & Davidson, W. S. (1986). Students’ views of mentors in psychology graduate training. Teaching of Psychology, 13, 123–127.
Cusanovich, M., & Gilliland, M. (1991). Mentoring: The faculty-graduate student rela- tionship. CGS Communicator, 24, 1.
Davidson, M. N., & foster-Johnson, L. (2001). Mentoring in the preparation of graduate researchers of color. Review of Educational Research, 71, 549–574.
Davis, A. (1981). Women, race, and class. New York, NY: Random House.
Erickson, L. D., McDonald, S., & Elder, G. H. Jr. (2009). Informal mentors and education:
Complementary or compensatory resources? Sociology of Education, 82, 344–367.
ferreira, M. M. (2006). Graduate students’ description of the ideal science advisor: Impli- cations for graduate women’s success. Advancing Women in Leadership Online Journal, 20. Retrieved from http://www.advancingwomen.com/awl/spring2006/ferreira.html
few, A. L., Stephens, D. P., & Rouse-Arnett, M. (2003). Sister-to-sister talk: Transcending boundaries and challenges in qualitative research with Black women. Family Relations, 52, 205–215.
forrett, M. L., & Dougherty, T. W. (2001). Correlates of networking behavior for manage- rial and professional employees. Group and Organization Management, 26, 283–311.
Fox, M. F. (2001). Women, science, and academia: Graduate education and careers. Gen- der and Society, 15, 654–666.
fox, M. f., Sonnert, G., & Nikiforova, I. (2009). Successful programs for undergraduate women in science and engineering: Adapting versus adopting the institutional environ- ment. Research in Higher Education, 50, 333–35.
fox, R. C. (1957). Training for uncertainty. In R. k. Merton, G. G. Reader, & P. L. kendall (Eds.), The student-physician: Introductory studies in the sociology of medical educa- tion. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Systematic Disadvantage in Graduate Student Mentorship 909 freeman, B. C. (1977). faculty women in the American university: Up the down staircase.
Higher Education, 6, 165–188.
fried, L.P., francomano, C.A., Macdonald, S.M., Wagner, E.M.,. Stokes, E.J , Carbone, k.M. . . . Stobo, J.D. (1996). Career development for women in academic medicine: Multiple interventions in a department of medicine. Journal of American Medical As- sociation, 276, 898–905.
Glazer-Raymo, J. (2001). Shattering the myths: Women in academe. Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Glazer-Raymo, J. (Ed.). (2008). Unfinished agendas: New and continuing gender chal- lenges in higher education. Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Golde, C. M., & Dore, T. M. (2001). Survey on Doctoral Education and Career Prepara- tion. Website: http://www.phd-survey.org/
Golde, C. M. & Walker, G. E. (Eds.). (2006). Envisioning the future of doctoral education: Preparing stewards of the discipline. San francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Green, S. G., & Bauer, T. N. (1995). Supervisory mentoring by advisers: Relationships with doctoral student potential, productivity, and commitment. Personnel Psychology, 48, 537–561.
Hartnett, R. T., & katz, J. (1977). The education of graduate students. The Journal of Higher Education, 48, 646–664.
Herzig, A. H. (2004). Becoming mathematicians: Women and students of color choosing and leaving doctoral mathematics. Review of Educational Research, 74, 171–214.
Hill, P. J. (1991). Multi-culturalism: The crucial philosophical and organizational issues. Change, 23, 38–47.
Hoffman, k., Llagas, C., & Snyder, T. D. (2003). Status and trends in the education of Blacks (NCES 2003–034). U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Educa- tion Statistics, Washington, DC.
Jackman, M. R., & Muha, M. J. (1984). Education and intergroup attitudes: Moral en- lightenment, superficial democratic commitment, or ideological refinement? American Sociological Review, 49, 751–69.
Jacobs, J. A. (1996). Gender inequality and higher education. Annual Review of Sociology, 22, 153–185.
Johnsrud, L. K., & Heck, R. H. (1994). Administrative promotion within a university: The cumulative impact of gender. The Journal of Higher Education, 65, 23–44.
kaplan, S. A., Calman, N. S. Golub, M., Davis, J. H., Ruddock, C., & Billings, J. (2006). Racial and ethnic disparities in health: A view from the South Bronx. Journal of Health Care for the Poor and Underserved, 17(1), 116–127.
katz, J., & Hartnett, R. T. (Eds.). (1976). Scholars in the Making. Cambridge, MA: Ball- inger.
keith, B., & Moore. H. A. (1995). Training sociologists: An assessment of professional socialization and the emergence of career aspirations. Teaching Sociology, 23(3), 199– 214.
kolodyny, A. (2000). Women and higher education in the twenty-first century: Some femi- nist and global perspectives. NWSA Journal, 12, 130–147.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼910 The Journal of Higher Education
koro-Ljungberg, M., & Hayes, S. (2006). The relational selves of female graduate stu- dents during academic mentoring: From dialogue to transformation. Mentoring and Teaching, 14, 389–407.
LaVeist, T., Nickerson, K. J., & Bowie, J. V. (2000). Attitudes about racism, medical mis- trust, and satisfaction with care among African American and White cardiac patients. Medical Care Research and Review, 57, 149–161.
Long, J. S. (1992). Measures of Sex differences in scientific productivity. Social Forces, 71(1), 159–178.
Lorde, A. (1984). Sister outsider: Essays and speeches. Trumansburg, NY: Crossing. Lyons, W., & Scroggins, D. (1990). The mentor in graduate education. Studies in Higher
Education, 15(3), 1–9.
McCall, L., Liddell, M., O’Neil, J., & Coman, G. (2000). Strategies to increase the repre- sentation of women on the academic staff of the faculty of medicine at Monash Univer- sity. Higher Education, 39, 131–149.
McPherson, M., Smith-Lovin, L., & Cook, J. (2001). Birds of a feather: Homophily in social networks. Annual Review of Sociology, 27, 415–44.
Merton, R. k. (1968). The Matthew effect in science: The reward and communication system of science are considered. Science, 159, 56–63.
Monaghan, J., & Lunt, N. (1992). Mentoring: Person, process, practice and problems. Brit- ish Journal of Educational Studies, 40(3), 248–263.
Moore, K. M. (1987). Women’s access and opportunity in higher education: Toward the twenty-first century. Comparative Education, I23, 23–34.
Morgan, G. D. (1980). The training of Black sociologists: Tolbert H. kennedy and Wash- ington State University. Teaching Sociology, 7(2), 115–125.
National Education Association. (1993). Mentoring minorities in higher education. Wash- ington, DC: National Education Association Office of Higher Education.
Noe, R. A. (1988). Women and mentoring: A review and research agenda. The Academy of Management Review, 13, 65–78.
Noy, S., & Ray, R. (forthcoming). Mentors and advisors: The truth behind how graduate students really categorize their professors skills. In C. Hostetter, B. A. Pescosolido, & B. Powell (Eds.), The formation of scholarly teachers: Lessons for teaching and learning for the next generation from the Survey of Doctoral Education. Bloomington: Indiana University Press.
Over, R., Over, J., Meuwissen, I., & Lancaster, S. (1990). Publication by men and women with same-sex and cross-sex PhD supervision. Higher Education, 20(4), 381–391.
Padilla, R.v., & Chavez, R. C. (1995). The leaning ivory tower: Latino professors in Amer- ican universities. Albany: State University Press.
Peters, R. L. (1997). Getting what you came for: The smart student’s guide to earning a master’s or PhD. New York, NY: Farrar, Strauss and Giroux.
Petrzelka, P. (2005). ‘They Make how much?’ Investigating faculty salaries to examine gender inequalities. Teaching Sociology, 33, 380–388.
Ray, R. (2011). W.E.B. Du Bois: Pioneering social theorist, methodologist, and public sociologist. In J. Manza (Ed,) Oxford Bibliographies Online: Sociology. Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Systematic Disadvantage in Graduate Student Mentorship 911 Roberts, A. (1999). The origins of the term mentor. History of Education Society Bulletin,
64, 313–329.
Rose, G. L. (2003). Enhancement of mentor selection using the Ideal Mentor Scale. Re-
search in Higher Education, 44, 473–494.
Rose, G. L. (2005). Group differences in graduate students’ concepts of the ideal mentor.
Research in Higher Education, 46(1), 53–80.
Spann, J. (1990). Retaining and promoting minority faculty members: Problems and pos-
sibilities (Discussion paper). Madison: University of Wisconsin System.
Stanley, C. A. (2006). Coloring the academic landscape: faculty of color breaking the silence in predominately White colleges and universities. American Educational Re- search Journal, 43, 701–736.
Stasny, E. (2001). How to get a job in academics. The American Statistician, 55, 35–40.
Taylor, E., & Antony, J. S. (2000). Stereotype threat reduction and wise schooling: To- wards the successful socialization of African American doctoral students in education. The Journal of Negro Education, 69(3), 184–198.
Tenenbaum, H. R., Crosby, f. J., & Gliner, M. D. (2001). Mentoring relationships in gradu- ate school. Journal of Vocational Behavior, 59, 326–341.
Thomas, G. D., & Hollenshead, C. (2001). Resisting from the margins: The coping strate- gies of Black women and other women of color faculty members at a research univer- sity. The Journal of Negro Education, 70, 166–175.
Tinto, V. (1993). .Leaving college: Rethinking the causes and cures of student attrition (2nd ed.). Chicago, IL: University of Chicago Press.
Turner, C. S. v. (2002). Women of color in academe: Living with Multiple marginality. The Journal of Higher Education, 73, 74–93.
Turner, C. S. v., & Myers, S. L. (2000). Faculty of color in academe: Bittersweet success. Boston, MA: Allyn and Bacon.
U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics. (2010a). Condi- tion of education 2010, Table A-23-2. (NCES 2010-028)
van Emmerik, I., & Hetty, J. (2004). The more you can get the better: Mentoring constella- tions and intrinsic career success. Career Development International, 9, 578–594.
Waldeck, J. H., Orrego, V. O., Plax, T. G., & Kearney, P. (1997). Graduate Student/faculty mentoring relationships: Who gets mentored, how it happens, and to what end. Com- munication Quarterly, 45(3), 93–109.
Webster, B. D. (1989). Opening doors for women in academia. BioScience, 39, 96–98. Wilde, J. B., & Schau, C. G. (1991). Mentoring in graduate schools of education: Mentees’
perceptions. Journal of Experimental Education, 59(2), 165–178.
Winston, Jr., R. B., & Polkosnik, M. C. (1984). Advising Graduate and professional school students. In R. B. Winston, Jr., T. k. Miller, S. C. Ender, & T. J. Grites (Eds.), Develop- mental academic advising: Addressing students educational, career, and personal needs (pp. 287–315). San francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Wolf-Wendel, L. E. & Ruel, M. (1999). Developing the whole student: The collegiate ideal. New Directions for Higher Education, 105, 35–46.
Zhao, C. M., Golde, C., & McCormick, A. C. (2007). More than a signature: How advisor
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼912 The Journal of Higher Education
choice and advisor behaviour affect doctoral student satisfaction. Journal of Further
and Higher Education, 31, 263–281.
Zuberi, T., & Bonilla-Silva, E. (Eds.). (2008). White logic, White methods: Racism and
methodology. New York, NY: Rowman and Littlefield.
Zuckerman, H. (1996). Scientific elite: Nobel laureates in the United States. New Bruns- wick, NJ: Transaction Publishers. (Original work published in 1977)
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX: TABLE A1
Factor Scales for Primary Advisor-Types (Rotated Matrix)
Variable
Affective Instrumental Primary Primary Advisor Advisor
Intellectual Primary Advisor
Exploitative Available Primary Primary Advisor Advisor
Respectful Primary Advisor
a13a Are available to me when I need help with my research
a13b Are available to me when I need to talk about my program and my progress in the program
0.822 0.6819
a13c Treat my ideas with respect
0.1078
a13d Give me regular and constructive feedback on my research
0.5646 0.4182 0.3468
a13e Teach me the details of good research practice
a13f Provide me with information about ongoing research relevant to my work
a13g Teach me survival skills for this field
0.4721 0.6563 0.6255 0.5394 0.6328 0.4488
a13h Help me secure funding for my graduate studies
a13i Help me develop professional relationships with others in the field
a13j Assist me in writing presentation or publications
a13k Teach me to write grant and contract proposals
a13l Advocate for me with others when necessary
a13m Provide emotional support when I need it
0.7354 0.7011 0.7439 0.5795 0.8067
a13n Are sensitive to my needs
a13o Take an interest in my personal life
a13p Have my best interests at heart
a13q Care about me as a whole person, not just as a scholar
a13r Provide direct assessments of my progress
0.6836
a13s Would support me in any career path I choose
0.4794
a13t See me as a source of labor to advance his/her research
a13u Expect me to work so many hours that it is difficult for me to have a life outside of school
-0.7243 -0.6234
a13v Give me regular and constructive feedback on my progress towards degree completion
0.7569
a13w Provide information about career paths open to me
0.4266
a13x Solicits my input on matters of teaching and research Cronbach’s alpha
0.4436 0.88 0.83
0.82 0.62 0.8 n/a
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX: TABLE A2
Factor Scales for Secondary Advisor-Types (Rotated Matrix)
Variable
Affective Instrumental Secondary Secondary Advisor Advisor
Intellectual Secondary Advisor
Exploitative Secondary Advisor
Available Secondary Advisor
Respectful Secondary Advisor
a13a Are available to me when I need help with my research
a13b Are available to me when I need to talk about my program and my progress in the program
a13c Treat my ideas with respect
a13d Give me regular and constructive feedback on my research
a13e Teach me the details of good research practice
a13f Provide me with information about ongoing research relevant to my work
a13g Teach me survival skills for this field
a13h Help me secure funding for my graduate studies
a13i Help me develop professional relationships with others in the field
a13j Assist me in writing presentation or publications
a13k Teach me to write grant and contract proposals
a13l Advocate for me with others when necessary
a13m Provide emotional support when I need it
a13n Are sensitive to my needs
a13o Take an interest in my personal life
a13p Have my best interests at heart
a13q Care about me as a whole person, not just as a scholar
a13r Provide direct assessments of my progress
a13s Would support me in any career path I choose
a13t See me as a source of labor to advance his/her research
a13u Expect me to work so many hours that it is difficult for me to have a life outside of school
a13v Give me regular and constructive feedback on my progress towards degree completion
a13w Provide information about career paths open to me
a13x Solicits my input on matters of teaching and research
0.7275 0.6785
Cronbach’s alpha
0.2725 0.89 0.84
0.83 0.62 0.82 n/a
0.735 0.723 0.7122 0.6051 0.8151
0.5336
0.4041 0.603 0.5391 0.477 0.5818 0.4432
0.3617
0.5465 0.5921 0.5995
0.3256
0.6092 0.2663
0.7021
0.0647
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.





TITLE: Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4



￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Steven Brint Kristopher Proctor Kerry Mulligan Matthew B. Rotondi Robert A. Hanneman
Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Four-Year Colleges and Universities, 1970–2006
Historically, many new academic fields were added to colleges and uni- versities without requiring the elimination of older fields (Frank & Ga- bler, 2005; Veysey, 1965). Beginning in the 1990s, however, scholars began to speak about university retrenchment involving the reduction and elimination of programs (Gumport, 1993; Slaughter, 1993). Im- provements in the economic circumstances of colleges and universities during the later 1990s temporarily eased pressures for program reduc- tions (Geiger, 2004), but state fiscal crises and increasing competition of the higher education marketplace have led to many program elimi- nations since that time (see, e.g., Fain, 2009; Glenn & Schmidt, 2010; Selingo, Fogg, & Smallwood 2005). Case studies have focused on the specific criteria that institutional leaders use in making reallocation and termination decisions (Eckel, 2002; Morphew, 2000), the strategies ad- opted by threatened programs (Reinardy & Halter, 1994), and issues that often emerge during the process of program closures (Hardy, 1990; Melchiori, 1982). Yet no studies have measured the decline of academic fields over a sufficiently long time span and a sufficiently large sample of institutions to allow scholars definitively to identify the most vulner- able fields or to understand the types of schools that drop them.
Steven Brint is Vice Provost, Undergraduate Education and Professor of Sociology at the University of California, Riverside. Kristopher Proctor is a post-doctoral scholar at Stanford University. Kerry Mulligan and Matthew B. Rotondi are graduate students at the University of California, Riverside. Robert A. Hanneman is a Professor of Sociology at the University of California, Riverside.
The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 4 (July/August 2012) Copyright © 2012 by The Ohio State University
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 583
In this paper, we identify 22 academic fields that declined over a 35-year period, 1970–1 through 2005–6. We define academic fields as degree-granting disciplines recognized in the federal government’s clas- sifications of instructional programs. We focus on fields that were rep- resented in at least 5% of four-year colleges and universities in 1970-1, thereby eliminating many small fields that were marginal to academe at the beginning of our study period. We consider two types of decline: (a) decline in absolute numbers and (b) relative decline, or declining preva- lence. Because the higher education system expanded during the period, it was possible for fields to grow in absolute numbers and nevertheless decline in prevalence. We also show that fields decline in several dis- tinct ways, and we show the characteristics of institutions that are most and least likely to drop declining fields.
The study provides evidence relevant to fundamental issues in the political economy of U.S. higher education institutions, including the oft-suggested shift from “professional” to “market” logics of develop- ment (see, e.g., Geiger 2004; Gumport, 2000, 2002; Kirp, 2003; Slaugh- ter & Silva, 1985) and concerns about the extent to which the arts and sciences have become “endangered species” in a system increasingly oriented to applied knowledge (see, e.g., Brint, Riddle, Turk-Bicakci, & Levy, 2005; Turner & Bowen, 1990; Zammuto, 1984).
Theoretical Background
Organizational sociologists have studied deinstitutionalization, the processes by which categories and practices weaken or disappear in the structure of organizations, as a contrast to institutionalization, or the processes by which categories and practices become embedded in the taken-for-granted assumptions of organizations. Deinstitutionalization occurs in established organizations, as institutional leaders make deci- sions about activities they no longer wish to support. Studies of deinsti- tutionalization have provided a theoretical framework for understanding these phenomena (Oliver, 1992) or have focused on specific cases for purposes of identifying background conditions, triggers, and mecha- nisms of change (Dacin & Dacin, 2008; Lebelici, Salancik, Copay, & King, 1991). In contrast to deinstitutionalization, decline can be the result not only of formal decisions by institutional leaders to end pro- grams, but also of nonparticipation by organizational members in nomi- nally active programs. Thus, it is possible, for example, for a Russian Studies program to remain on the books at a university even though no students participate in it. In addition, declining prevalence can be due to the failure of new institutions to adopt programs that have not declined
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼584 The Journal of Higher Education
in older organizations. Decline therefore includes a larger number of processes than deinstitutionalization.
We argue that decline is not a single process, but rather several dis- tinct processes involving (a) differential propensities to offer fields among new schools as compared to schools that fail during a period, (b) the number of new as compared to failed schools, and (c) the number of drops and adoptions of fields among schools that persist throughout a period. Because we recognize these distinct processes, including the im- portant fact that schools can adopt as well as drop fields that are in de- cline, we are able to measure the sources of decline more precisely than has been attempted so far. In particular, our method for decomposing change represents an improvement over measurement of change based solely on births and deaths (Carroll & Hannan, 2000) or on conformity or lack of conformity with ascendant models in an organizational field (DiMaggio & Powell, 1983).
We also examine the characteristics of colleges and universities that dropped and adopted declining fields during the period. In previous work (Brint, Proctor, Murphy, Mulligan, Rotondi, & Hanneman, 2011), we compared four theoretical perspectives for their capacity to identify locations of the early adopters of growth fields. These four perspectives are: (a) organizational ecology, (b) interinstitutional stratification, (c) demographic composition, and (d) historical traditions. In this study, we draw on the same four perspectives, but use them to develop expecta- tions about the characteristics of colleges and universities that drop and adopt declining fields.
Organizational ecology explanations assume that the behavior of individual organizations is shaped by opportunities and constraints in their environment and by the differential capacities of individual orga- nizations to exploit opportunities and survive challenges (Hannan & Freeman, 1989). One key insight of organizational ecology is that the founding (and failure) rates of organizations are density dependent. In the case of declining fields, relatively high levels of saturation at the beginning of the period should be associated within geographical areas with reduced adoption during the period, and perhaps also with more frequent dropping of fields (Carroll & Hannan, 2000, pp. 222–7).
The capacity of an organization to exploit new niche space, or to suc- ceed despite competition in a crowded one, can be a function of indi- vidual organizational characteristics as well. For higher education in- stitutions, size is a primary adaptive characteristic of interest (Blau, 1973/1994, Chapter 3). From an ecological perspective, size is an indi- cator of organizational carrying capacity. Larger organizations have the capacity to organize faculty in ways that allow for the preservation of
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 585
existing fields, because they have a heightened opportunity to generate effective demand for courses and majors from their larger student bod- ies. We therefore expect larger institutions to be less likely to drop and more likely to adopt declining fields.
Explanations based on interinstitutional stratification grow out of Ve- blen’s (1899) recognition that status goods are not judged by utilitarian criteria but rather by perceptions of quality and refinement. For Col- lins (1977), lower-status institutions tend to focus on practical training in courses of study closely connected to jobs and occupations, while higher-status institutions tend to focus on esoteric fields of study asso- ciated with intellectuality and distance from the labor market (see also Bourdieu, 1988). Drawing on this work, we expect financially more se- cure and socially more elite institutions to preserve vulnerable arts and sciences fields, while less secure and less elite institutions will be more likely to drop them.
Highest degree offered is another, more functional source of status differentiation. Doctoral-granting universities have historically shown a particularly strong emphasis on fields connected to science and technol- ogy (Graham & Diamond, 1997), and they also provide training for fu- ture faculty in other disciplines. We consequently expect doctoral-grant- ing universities to be strongly associated with the preservation of sci- ence and technology fields and to be associated, perhaps less strongly, with the preservation of other basic fields as well.
Perspectives emphasizing demographic composition as a source of curricular change are typically based on elective affinities between the life circumstances of types of students and the market conditions of types of fields (Conrad & Haworth, 1990). Three categories of stu- dents—racial-ethnic minorities, women, and international students— are of particular interest, because each one increased significantly as a proportion of the undergraduate student body in U.S. four-year colleges and universities during the study period (U.S. Department of Education, 2008, Table 226). The demographic approach has linked the life expe- riences of lower-SES students to preferences for more practical, job- relevant curricula (see, e.g., Cross, 1971; Trow, 1974). Because mem- bers of racial-ethnic minorities more often come from working-class backgrounds, we would expect that higher proportions of racial-ethnic minority students should be associated with a greater emphasis on job- relevant curricula and therefore with a turn away from arts and sciences fields. Similar arguments have linked the life experiences of female students to preferences for study in the humanities, social services, and other historically sex-segregated fields (Jacobs, 1996). We therefore ex- pect institutions enrolling higher proportions of female students to be
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼586 The Journal of Higher Education
less likely to drop traditionally female fields. A cognate argument can be made about international students. In so far as these students come mainly from relatively privileged backgrounds, they should be more likely to indicate interest in business and technical fields based on the earnings expectations for these fields (Arcidicano, 2003). We therefore expect institutions enrolling higher proportions of international students to be less likely to drop and more likely to adopt business and technol- ogy fields.
Historical traditions are often cited as encouraging the reproduction of existing structures and consequently acting as restraints on change. To explain the force of historical traditions, social scientists have em- phasized the communication of values by organizational leaders (Sel- znick, 1957), the construction of “organizational sagas” as reference points for identity (Clark, 1970), and “ritual categories” embedded in or- ganizational structures (Meyer & Rowan, 1977). Two institutional types expressing distinct historical commitments—liberal arts colleges and land-grant universities—are particularly important in U.S. higher edu- cation. Liberal arts colleges educate the “whole person” and have been closely connected to the training of elites from the time of the colonial colleges (Baltzell, 1964). Today, not all institutions with commitments to the liberal arts are high-status; instead, small religiously-affiliated col- leges are among the most likely to maintain these commitments (Brint, Proctor, Murphy, Turk-Bicakci, & Hanneman, 2009). Accordingly, we expect institutions with historical commitments to the liberal arts model, whether elite or nonelite, to be more likely to preserve the basic arts and sciences fields. Public universities in the land-grant tradition have had the opposite orientation from liberal arts colleges; they were constituted to provide practical training for men and women in agricultural and in- dustrial occupations and were intended to be open to students from all social strata (Nevins, 1962). The land-grant philosophy spread beyond the original land grants, as it influenced other public universities to pres- ent themselves as addressing the needs of the state and the economy for scientifically and technically trained labor (Geiger & Sa, 2008). We con- sequently expect public universities to be more likely than private col- leges and universities to preserve science and technology fields.
Data and Methods
Study Time Frame
We begin our coverage in 1970–1. This is an appropriate year in which to begin the study, because it represents a high point in the devel-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 587
opment of the U.S. higher education system along conventional dis- ciplinary lines. In spite of rapid expansion of the system in the 1950s and 1960s (Trow, 2000), the proportion of students studying arts and sciences fields reached a peak in 1969–70 (Brint et al., 2005). In the period following 1970, the system continued to expand in numbers of students and institutions, but colleges and universities faced the begin- ning of frequent periods of financial pressure (Geiger, 2004, Chapter 2). In the wake of straitened resources and increasing student demand for higher education credentials, corporate management techniques were in- troduced into the administration of colleges and universities (see, e.g., Coopers & Lybrand, 1995), and higher education institutions engaged in intense competitive marketing campaigns to attract students and do- nors (Kirp, 2003). Trends toward an increasing emphasis on “practical,” applied knowledge fields were reported (Brint et al., 2005; Turner & Bowen, 1990), even in some institutions that had been historically iden- tified with the liberal arts tradition (Kraatz & Zajac, 1996).
Study Population
In this paper, we examine “core institutions” in the U.S. higher edu- cation system. We define core institutions as four-year colleges and uni- versities that offer a range of baccalaureate degrees, rather than degrees in only a small number of related programs. We do not include special- ized institutions, such as art schools, business colleges, and seminaries. We also do not include for-profit institutions. In addition, some accred- ited four-year colleges and universities failed to report data to the U.S. Department of Education in either 1970–1 or 2005–6. We treated these organizations as missing. The number of colleges and universities in our study population increased by 12% during the 35-year period, from 1,263 to 1,416, while the number of baccalaureate degrees these institu- tions awarded annually increased from nearly 800,000 to more than 1.3 million.
The federal government collected higher education data through the Higher Education General Educational Statistics (HEGIS) system in the first year of our study and through the Integrated Postsecondary Educa- tion Data System (IPEDS) in the last year. Our academic field classifi- cations are based on HEGIS Subject Codes and IPEDS Classification of Instructional Program (CIP) codes. In the process of degree differen- tiation during the period, the number of fields represented at the bach- elor’s level grew from 319 to 935. Many fields retained the same clas- sificatory title throughout the period. However, in some cases, accuracy required aggregating categories from later periods to match as closely as possible those used in earlier periods, with the aid of HEGIS and
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼588 The Journal of Higher Education
IPEDS crosswalks. Thus, where geology was the sole code in 1970–1, by 2005–6 some institutions had begun using the label earth sciences, while others retained geology. In a few cases, we aggregated related fields to allow for more robust statistical analyses. For example, we ag- gregated degrees offered in Spanish, French, and Italian into a Romance languages and literatures code, and we aggregated degrees offered in German, Dutch, and Scandinavian into a Germanic languages and lit- eratures code.
We excluded fields represented at fewer than 5% of institutions in 1970–1 from the analysis, because these fields were, even in the first year of the study period, uncommon in U.S. colleges and universities. These fields included some highly specialized applied majors, such as special education and actuarial science, as well as several trades fields found more often in two-year colleges. We also excluded very general umbrella classifications, such as “physical and biological sciences” and “social sciences,” because they failed to identify commonly recognized academic fields. Most fields either grew in prevalence during the pe- riod or held stable. However, 22 experienced declines in institutional prevalence.
Measuring Decline
Social scientists have measured decline in both absolute and relative terms. Absolute decline is straightforward to measure; if a field existed in fewer colleges and universities in 2005–6 than in 1970–1, it expe- rienced absolute decline. Relative decline is a slightly more complex concept. Even if the absolute number of organizations in which a field is represented grows over time, the field can be in relative decline if its representation does not keep up with the rate of growth in the number of organizations in the system. Relative decline, or declining prevalence, is computed by subtracting the proportion of colleges and universities offering the field in T2 from the proportion offering it in T1. We believe that both measures are important. Prevalence is a stronger measure for social scientists who are interested in the condition of fields in historical time, taking into account the changing number of organizations in the system. The clearest cases of decline, of course, combine both absolute decline and declining prevalence.
The absence of a field can be measured in more than one way. One measure is through counts based on lists of degree offered. Such lists are available in college guides, such as the College Blue Book (Roma- niuk & Thompson, 2006). Another measure is the absence of degrees awarded in a field over a period of time. The latter encompasses inactive as well as formally disestablished fields.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 589
In our view, absence of degrees awarded is a more encompassing measure than official lists of degrees offered, and is therefore a more appropriate measure for our purposes.1 This conclusion reflects our view that decline can be the result not only of formal decisions to terminate programs, but also of nonparticipation by students in nominally ac- tive programs. The process of formally eliminating academic fields is lengthy and conflict-prone. In some cases, institutional leaders are there- fore content to let fields drift toward nonexistence through their failure to generate sufficient student demand for their courses and degrees.
In this paper, we measure nonexistence of fields using data on de- grees awarded, specifically, the absence of any degrees awarded during the last two years of our study period. Thus if no degrees were awarded in a field at a particular institution during the last two years of the pe- riod, we counted the field as no longer active at the institution. The two- year interval we use in this paper is virtually interchangeable with the three year interval as a measure of inactivity. We found a correlation of 0.98 between nonexistence of degrees in two and three year consecutive periods, and discrepancies in just 1% of cases.2
Decomposing Sources of Decline
In the system of U.S. four-year colleges and universities, decline can be due to the replacement of failed organizations with new organiza- tions that have a lower propensity to offer the field. It can also be due to a higher number of eliminations than adoptions of the field in organiza- tions that continue throughout the entire time span of a study. Finally, in cases of absolute stability or growth but declining prevalence, it can be due to the system expanding faster than the net of new adoptions of the field.
No summary statistic exists to describe the proportion of decline due to these sources of change. However, a clear picture of the sources of decline can be developed through decomposition using category counts. We decomposed change by reporting counts for eight conditions that, when taken together, account for changes in field prevalence. These conditions are (a) failed schools that offered the field, (b) failed schools that did not offer the field, (c) new schools that offered the field, (d) new schools that did not offer the field, (e) continuing schools that never offered the field, (f) continuing schools that always offered the field, (g) continuing schools that adopted the field, and (h) continuing schools that dropped the field. We define failed schools as those that died or were disestablished during the period. We define new schools as those that were founded during the period. We define continuing schools as those that persisted throughout the period.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼590 The Journal of Higher Education
As we will show, declining prevalence can result from several dis- tinct patterns in the composite of counts associated with these eight conditions. In some cases, such as geography, fields were more preva- lent in new organizations than they had been in failed organizations, but changes were not significant enough to offset absolute declines within continuing organizations. In other cases such as mathematics, adop- tions and drops in continuing organizations were nearly identical, but the field was notably less prevalent in new organizations as compared to failed organizations.
Identifying Locations of Drops and Adoptions
Our last analyses investigated the characteristics of colleges and uni- versities that dropped and adopted declining fields. By “dropped,” we mean no longer awarded degrees, either due to formal termination or lack of student interest. We focus on the 1,120 colleges and universities that existed continuously throughout the period, because they form a large majority (72%) of the total number of organizations in the sample, and because they are the only ones in which data on drops and adoptions can be constructed from data coded at the beginning and end of the time period. In these analyses we concentrate on fields that existed at more than 20% of colleges and universities in 1970–1. This is a meaningful cutoff, both because it identifies fields that were relatively common at the beginning of the period and because, from a statistical point of view, a lower cutoff would increase the size of standard errors, thereby reduc- ing the reliability of parameter estimates.
Independent variables. For purposes of identifying the types of col- leges and universities prone to drop and adopt declining fields, we mea- sured variables derived from each of the four theoretical perspectives described above.
We measured two organizational ecology variables. N w/Field in Re- gion 1970 is a measure of niche coverage at the beginning of the study period. The term “core based statistical area” (CBSA) became effective in 2000 and refers collectively to metropolitan and micropolitan statisti- cal areas (U.S. Bureau of the Census, 2009). We use CBSAs to define boundaries of the geographical space in which higher education organi- zations compete. We coded the number of institutions adopting a pro- gram based on IPEDS data on degrees awarded in our target fields. We coded the number of institutions in each CBSA by locating institutions within counties covered by CBSAs. We used counties as the referent in cases in which colleges or universities were not located in a CBSA.3 The second organizational ecology variable, log enrollment, is a mea- sure of an organization’s carrying capacity based on potential student
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 591
and faculty support for fields. We measured total headcount enrollment from HEGIS/IPEDS enrollment data and logged this total to normalize the distribution.
We measured three interinstitutional stratification variables. The or- ganizational status index is an additive, z-scored index based on three status variables that were highly correlated and factored together. The three status variables are (a) operating budget/student, (b) selectivity, and (c) six-year graduation rate. Operating budget per student is com- puted from HEGIS/IPEDS financial data, divided by headcount enroll- ment.4 We removed hospitals and independent operations from operat- ing expenditures so as to focus on expenditures more closely connected to the quality of the undergraduate experience. Selectivity is measured from the Barron’s admissions selector index. We assigned numeric val- ues to these labels for the purpose of analysis, with one denoting the least selective and six denoting the most selective colleges and univer- sities. Six-year graduation rates are correlated with the socioeconomic profile of undergraduate students, as well as consumer judgments of ed- ucational value (Zemsky, Shaman, & Iannozi, 1997). We obtained six- year graduation rates from HEGIS/IPEDS data. These three variables loaded together in a principal component analysis. They produced a sin- gle factor with an eigenvalue of 2.23. This factor accounted for 74% of the variance among the variables. Varimax rotation yielded rotated fac- tor scores for operating budget per student of 0.785, selectivity of 0.905, and six-year graduation rates of 0.892
The other interinstitutional stratification measures are dummy coded classifications by highest degree awarded. Doctoral-granting institu- tions are defined as institutions awarding at least 30 doctoral degrees in a year. The 30 doctorate cutoff is adapted from Snyder & Hoffman’s (2005) approach to identifying doctoral-granting institutions, given variations in the Carnegie Classification definitions over time. Master’s- granting institutions are defined as institutions awarding at least 30 master’s degrees in a year and serve as our reference category. Bacca- laureate-granting institutions comprise the remaining institutions in the sample. They offer fewer than 30 master’s degrees a year, again follow- ing Snyder & Hoffman (2005).
We measured three demographic characteristics of student bodies from HEGIS/IPEDS enrollment data. Percent minority is a continuous variable measured as non-White students as a proportion of total en- rollment. Percent female is a continuous variable measured as women students as a proportion of total enrollment. Percent international is a continuous variable measured as proportion of international students to total enrollment.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼592 The Journal of Higher Education
We measured two variables identifying historical traditions. Percent Liberal Arts 1970 is a measure of an organization’s commitment to the traditional arts and sciences in the first year of the time series. This is a continuous variable coded from HEGIS/IPEDS degree data measured as the proportion of total degrees awarded in the arts and sciences, as opposed to occupational-professional fields, in the first year of our time series. We identify colleges and universities awarding high proportions of degrees in arts and sciences as historically connected to the liberal arts tradition. Public is a categorical variable measuring form of control and coded from HEGIS/IPEDS institutional characteristics.
Method of analysis. We report results on two sets of logistic regres- sions. In the first set the dependent variable is defined by institutions that could have dropped the field (i.e., the field existed at the institution in 1970–1) and did drop the field during the study period. These institu- tions are compared against those that could have dropped the field but did not drop it during the study period. In the second analysis the de- pendent variable is defined by institutions that could have adopted the field (i.e., the field did not exist at the institution in 1970–1) and did adopt the field during the study period. These institutions are compared against those that could have adopted the field but did not adopt it dur- ing the study period. We include this second set of regressions, because study of adoptions of declining fields provides additional evidence on the institutional characteristics associated with the preservation of vul- nerable fields.
Although some variables in our models (notably, log enrollment and public sector) were correlated (r = 0.62), variance inflation factors were within tolerable ranges. The model generated good fits for the great ma- jority of fields, and key variables achieved statistical significance de- spite collinearity. For example, log enrollment achieved statistical sig- nificance for drops and adoptions in all fields included in the analyses, and public sector location also showed statistically significant results for most fields. All relationships must, of course, be interpreted net of co- variates; coefficients represent the influence of variables among schools that are otherwise equal.
Results
Declining Academic Fields, 1970–2006
In Table 1, we identify 22 declining fields from the study period, each one of which existed in at least 5% of U.S. four-year colleges and uni- versities in 1970–1 (see Table 1). Ten of these fields were found at more than half of all four-year colleges and universities in 1970–1. We char-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 593
acterize these as “core fields.” We observed both absolute and relative declines for five of these fields: Romance languages/literatures, sociol- ogy, economics, history, and physics. Absolute declines for the last four were minor, however. The remaining five fields—mathematics/statistics, English, chemistry, education, and biology—experienced relative but not absolute declines. We next report fields that were relatively wide- spread in 1970–1, existing at more than 20% but fewer than 50% of colleges and universities. We characterize these as “mass fields.” Four of these five fields—Germanic languages/literatures, home econom- ics, classics, and geography—experienced absolute as well as relative declines, while the fifth, geology/earth sciences, experienced relative decline only. Finally, we report results for seven “niche fields,” those found at more than 5% but less than 20% of institutions in 1970–1. Each one of these fields experienced both absolute and relative declines, and four of the fields—administrative assistant/secretarial science, zool- ogy, library science, and botany—experienced absolute declines of 50% or more during the study period. These four fields nearly became extinct during the period.
Altogether, 16 of the 22 declining fields (73%) were “pure,” or basic, fields in the arts and sciences, and only six (education, home econom- ics, administrative assistants, library science, agronomy/crop science, and industrial engineering) were applied occupational-professional fields. Thus a key finding in Table 1 is that many disciplines in the arts and sciences showed declining prevalence during the period. Notably, these data show that some mathematics-based disciplines (fields such as mathematics, physics, chemistry, and economics) have not kept pace in an expanding system. Many other pure disciplines (fields such as sociol- ogy, English, and history) have also not fared particularly well in an ex- panding system, or, in the cases of European languages and literatures, have fared poorly.
Five Types of Decline
In Table 2, we report results for our analysis of the sources of de- clining prevalence. Table 2 provides evidence of five forms of decline found in these data. The first and most dramatic form of decline com- bines many more drops than adoptions in continuing schools, with sig- nificantly lower prevalence in new as compared to failed schools. This form of decline was found in all fields that experienced the steepest ab- solute declines during the period, including administrative assistants/ secretarial science, Germanic languages/literatures, romance languages/ literatures, zoology, botany, library science, Slavic languages/literatures, home economics, and classics. The second form of decline consists of
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 1
Absolute and Relative Declines in Degree Fields, 1971–2006
￼￼￼N of Schools w/ Field 1971 2006 Diff.
955 830 -125 1,157 1,155 -2 974 959 -15 1,131 1,137 6 1,196 1,218 22 1,014 1,028 14 707 699 -8 672 671 -1 1,005 1,066 61 1,118 1,199 81
558 377 -181 362 315 -47 272 238 -34 282 273 -9 350 385 35
211 17 -194 136 58 -78 83 10 -73 179 131 -48 100 45 -55 64 43 -21 112 99 -13
% of Schools w/ Field
￼￼Field
Core Fields (Institutionalization > 50% in 1971)
Romance Languages/Literature History
Sociology*
Mathematics and Statistics English
Chemistry
Economics
Physics
Education: Teaching and Curriculum Biology/Life Sciences*
Mass Fields (Institutionalization 20–49% in 1971)
Germanic Languages/Literatures Home Economics/Consumer Science Classical Languages/Literatures Geography
Geology/Earth Sciences
Niche Fields (Institutionalization 5–19% in 1971)
Administrative Assistant/Secretarial Science* Zoology*
Library Science
Slavic Languages/Literatures
Botany*
Agronomy/Crop Science* Industrial Engineering*
1971 (N = 1263)
75.6 91.6 77.1 89.5 94.7 80.3 56.0 53.2 79.6 88.5
44.2 28.7 21.5 22.3 27.7
16.7 10.8 6.6 14.2 7.9 5.1 8.9
2006
(N =
1416) Diff.
58.6 -17.0 81.6 -10.0 67.7 -9.4 80.3 -9.3 86.0 -8.7 72.6 -7.7 49.4 -6.6 47.4 -5.8 75.3 -4.3 84.7 -3.8
26.6 -17.6 22.2 -6.4 16.8 -4.7 19.3 -3.0 27.2 -0.5
1.2 -15.5 4.1 -6.7 0.7 -5.9 9.3 -4.9 3.2 -4.7 3.0 -2.0 7.0 -1.9
￼￼Sources. U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics (1971, 2009).
Notes. * Denotes fields that have not been aggregated. See Appendix A for a listing of academic fields included in each category in 1971 and 2006.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 595
lower prevalence in new as compared to failed schools combined with relative stability but high levels of “churning” in colleges and universi- ties that persisted throughout the period. Fields marked by high levels of churning experienced both many adoptions and many drops. These fields included physics, sociology, and economics. While net change had mainly to do with the failure of these fields to be adopted in new organizations, turbulence in continuing organizations could be a prelude to steeper future declines, because of the high number of drops charac- teristic of these fields. The third form of decline is similar: decreased prevalence in new schools, as compared to failed schools, and relative stability in the continuing schools. However, these fields—English, mathematics/statistics, and history—showed little churning, which may suggest a lower likelihood of subsequent decline. The fourth form of de- cline consists of many more drops than adoptions in continuing schools, with similar levels of prevalence in new as compared to failed schools. By holding their own in new schools, the retreat from these fields in continuing schools is at least slightly dampened. These fields included geography and geology/earth sciences. The fifth form of decline con- sists of more adoptions than drops in the continuing schools, but lesser prevalence in new as compared to failed schools. The fields described by this form of decline included education, chemistry, and biology. These fields were in a relatively strong position compared to the others, because their position within the continuing, more stable set of colleges and universities was improving rather than deteriorating. The only rea- son for their declining prevalence was lower popularity in newly estab- lished schools.
From these data, we draw two principal conclusions: First, in the majority of cases, declining prevalence was the result of the failure of fields to keep pace in colleges and universities established during the period, rather than the result of high rates of drops in colleges and uni- versities that continued throughout the period.5 Second, the level of threat experienced by a field depends on the form of its decline. Only the first form of decline described above is truly devastating for a field. Lesser prevalence in new organizations, combined with high levels of churning in the continuing schools, may represent another unfavorable position, but more research will be necessary to determine if this is so.
Institutional Locations of Drops and Adoptions
Table 3 reports the institutional characteristics of colleges and univer- sities that offered declining fields in 1970–1 and dropped the fields by the end of the period. We report results for logistic regressions focusing on fields that were present in at least 20% of colleges and universities in
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 2
Presence of Fields by Type of School
Field
Core Fields
(Institutionalization > 50% in 1971)
Romance Languages/Literature 65 78 History 39 104 Sociology* 64 79 Mathematics and Statistics 50 93 English 28 115 Chemistry 80 63 Economics 109 34 Physics 119 24 Education: Teaching and Curriculum 55 88 Biology/Life Sciences* 46 97
Mass Fields
(Institutionalization 20–49% in 1971)
Germanic Languages/Literatures 126 17 Home Economics/Consumer Science 116 27 Classical Languages/Literatures 134 9 Geography 138 5 Geology/Earth Sciences 134 9
Niche Fields
(Institutionalization 5–19% in 1971)
Administrative Assistant/
Secretarial Science* 136 7
Zoology* 139 4 Library Science 140 3 Slavic Languages/Literatures 138 5 Botany* 140 3 Agronomy/Crop Science* 142 1 Industrial Engineering* 140 3
￼￼Failed Schools (N = 143)
New Schools (N = 296)
Continuing Schools (N = 1,120)
￼￼￼Not
Present Present Present Present Had Adopted Dropped Kept
Not
Never
￼240 56 183 113 234 62 198 98 160 136 233 63 262 34 272 24 162 134 170 126
288 8 263 33 294 2 282 14 280 16
293 3 295 1 295 1 294 2 296 0 296 0 294 2
156 87 30 37 103 122 28 54 15 24 83 86 327 120 367 105 111 92 25 74
524 55 708 77 785 72 798 45 696 83
906 10
978 10 1,038 2 907 39 1,016 7 1,046 11 983 28
190 687 48 1005 120 775 53 985 23 1058 72 879 128 545 106 542 77 840 22 999
227 314 130 205 99 164 63 214 55 286
200      4
 85     47
 73      7
 84     90
 59     38
 31     32
 40     69
￼Sources. U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics (1971, 2009).
Notes. * Denotes fields that have not been aggregated. See Appendix A for a listing of academic fields included in each category in 1971 and 2006.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 597
1970–1. Because we do not consider the niche fields reported in Table 1, this reduces the number of fields in the analysis from 22 to 15. In Table 3, coefficients are odds ratios. Coefficients above 1.0 indicate a higher propensity to drop fields, net of covariates in the model, while coeffi- cients below 1.0 indicate a lower propensity to drop fields.
Based on organizational ecology theories, we expected that high numbers of organizations offering the field in 1970 would be associated with higher number of drops. We also expected that larger organizations would be less likely to drop declining fields. Counter to our expecta- tions, we found no consistent net associations between geographic re- gions with higher densities of adoption in 1970–1 and declining fields. Organizational size, however, showed a strong relationship with the preservation of declining fields. Net of covariates, higher enrollments were associated with the preservation of 14 of the 15 fields in the analy- sis. This suggests that larger institutions can generate a critical mass of faculty and students to continue to offer degrees in arts and sciences fields.
Based on interinstitutional stratification theories, we expected high- status organizations to be less likely to drop declining fields. We also expected doctoral granting institutions to be less likely to drop these fields. Findings for the organizational status index supported our expec- tations. The organizational status index showed a net positive associa- tion with preservation of declining fields in nine of the 13 cases where it would be expected to matter (i.e., in all fields except the occupational- professional fields of education and home economics). In the remaining four cases, the direction of the net association was as expected, but co- efficients were not statistically significant. Results for doctoral-granting organizations, however, ran counter to our expectations. Net of covari- ates, these organizations were more rather than less likely to drop sev- eral basic fields.
Based on theories about the influence of demographic composition, we expected organizations enrolling higher proportions of minorities to be more likely to drop basic fields. We expected organizations enrolling higher proportions of women to be less likely to drop traditionally fe- male fields, and we expected organizations enrolling higher proportions of international students to be less likely to drop business and technol- ogy fields. We found partial support for each of these expectations. Col- leges and universities enrolling higher proportions of minorities showed a significant net propensity to drop several, but by no means all, of the 13 basic fields in this analysis, and, in particular, showed no significant net propensity to drop scientific fields. Those colleges and universities
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 3
Logistic Regressions—Characteristics of Institutions Dropping Declining Fields
￼￼Independent Variable
Organizational Ecology
Log total enrollment
N w/ field in region 1970 Inter-Institutional Stratification
Organizational status index Doctoral-granting Baccalaureate-granting
Demographic Composition
% Minority
% Women
% International
Demographic Composition
% Liberal arts degrees 1970
Public Observations
Pseudo R2 AIC
BIC
English
0.313* (0.159)
0.954 (0.072)
0.883 (0.166) 3.904 (3.708) 1.217 (0.967)
1.018* (0.009) 0.960+ (0.023)
1.050 (0.047)
0.907** (0.031)
1.528 (1.218)
1066 0.261
150.9 205.6
Classics
0.761 (0.297) 0.963 (0.143)
0.514*** (0.066)
0.307* (0.162)
0.500 (0.290)
1.003 (0.016) 1.011 (0.016) 0.925 (0.071)
0.965+ (0.018) 0.303+ (0.204)
263 0.400
230.9 270.2
Romance Lang.
0.471*** (0.079)
0.992 (0.026)
0.673*** (0.049)
1.524 (0.489) 0.772 (0.212)
1.009* (0.004)
1.002 (0.009) 0.913* (0.035)
0.973** (0.009)
1.042 (0.311)
866 0.182
757.2 809.6
Germanic Lang.
0.357*** (0.078)
0.999 (0.043)
0.707*** (0.047)
0.764 (0.237)
0.327** (0.113)
1.035*** (0.009)
1.013 (0.012) 0.971 (0.039)
0.967** (0.011)
0.888 (0.338)
535 0.258
560.5 607.6
History
0.261*** (0.083)
0.924 (0.047)
0.871 (0.093) 3.359+ (2.147)
0.322* (0.154)
1.018** (0.006)
0.995 (0.015) 1.020 (0.042)
0.964* (0.016)
0.650 (0.360)
1038 0.180
310.2 364.6
￼￼Sources. College Division of Barron’s Educational Series (1999); U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics (1971, 2009).
Notes. 1 Exponentiated coefficients; Standard errors in parentheses. 2 Table 3 reports only fields institutionalized at 20% or more colleges and universities in 1970. 3 Schools for which no Barron’s Selectivity Measure was available in 2006 had their Barron’s score imputed based upon their previously observed Barron’s Selectivity Ranking (College Division of Bar- ron’s Educational Series, 1976, 1982, 1986, 1992, 1997; Fine, 1972). 4 Significance levels: + p < 0.10; * p < 0.05; ** p < 0.01; *** p < 0.001.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 3 (Continued)
Logistic Regressions—Characteristics of Institutions Dropping Declining Fields
￼￼Independent Variable
Organizational Ecology
Log total enrollment
N w/ field in region 1970 Inter-Institutional Stratification
Organizational status index Doctoral-granting Baccalaureate-granting
Demographic Composition
% Minority
% Women
% International
Demographic Composition
% Liberal arts degrees 1970
Public Observations
Pseudo R2 AIC
BIC
Sociology
0.346*** (0.073)
0.989 (0.030)
0.889+ (0.061)
0.545 (0.286)
0.407** (0.121)
0.997 (0.005) 1.015 (0.009)
1.117*** (0.036)
0.971** (0.010)
0.401* (0.165)
883 0.192
573.9 626.5
Economics
0.281*** (0.067)
0.957 (0.038)
0.531*** (0.054)
3.750*** (1.469)
0.493* (0.173)
1.001 (0.006) 1.006 (0.012)
0.904+ (0.050)
0.984 (0.011)
0.684 (0.279)
666 0.285
482.0 531.5
Geography
0.253*** (0.084)
0.773+ (0.117)
0.954 (0.110) 1.292 (0.641) 0.379 (0.271)
1.035** (0.011)
0.997 (0.026) 1.000 (0.066)
0.974 (0.018)
0.463 (0.261)
276 0.200
257.1 296.9
Education
0.623* (0.146)
1.028 (0.035)
1.105 (0.081) 1.713 (0.735) 0.549 (0.228)
1.023*** (0.005)
0.993 (0.014) 1.066* (0.034)
1.075*** (0.014)
4.339*** (1.895)
903 0.151
448.2 501.1
Home Econ.
0.434** (0.113)
0.981 (0.095)
0.988 (0.102) 1.198 (0.463) 1.169 (0.559)
0.998 (0.006) 0.992 (0.014) 1.024 (0.043)
1.022 (0.016)
0.513 (0.235)
331 0.218
367.5 409.3
￼￼Sources. College Division of Barron’s Educational Series (1999); U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics (1971, 2009).
Notes. 1 Exponentiated coefficients; Standard errors in parentheses. 2 Table 3 reports only fields institutionalized at 20% or more colleges and universities in 1970. 3 Schools for which no Barron’s Selectivity Measure was available in 2006 had their Barron’s score imputed based upon their previously observed Barron’s Selectivity Ranking (College Division of Bar- ron’s Educational Series, 1976, 1982, 1986, 1992, 1997; Fine, 1972). 4 Significance levels: + p < 0.10; * p < 0.05; ** p < 0.01; *** p < 0.001.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 3 (Continued)
Logistic Regressions—Characteristics of Institutions Dropping Declining Fields
￼￼Independent Variable
Organizational Ecology
Log total enrollment
N w/ field in region 1970 Inter-Institutional Stratification
Organizational status index Doctoral-granting Baccalaureate-granting
Demographic Composition
% Minority
% Women
% International
Demographic Composition
% Liberal arts degrees 1970
Public Observations
Pseudo R2 AIC
BIC
Math.
0.248*** (0.081)
1.011 (0.043)
0.423*** (0.066)
1.002 (1.137) 0.337* (0.158)
0.996 (0.007) 1.015 (0.014) 1.029 (0.054)
0.991 (0.015) 0.226* (0.138)
1026 0.315
291.8 346.1
Chemistry
0.303*** (0.086)
1.098* (0.041)
0.488*** (0.068)
1.313 (0.926) 0.507+ (0.198)
0.988+ (0.006) 1.027* (0.012)
1.059 (0.045)
0.990 (0.013) 0.291* (0.150)
939 0.272
377.5 430.8
Physics
0.510** (0.125)
0.976 (0.050)
0.456*** (0.056)
0.674 (0.320)
0.330** (0.132)
1.000 (0.007) 1.033* (0.017)
1.025 (0.043)
0.974+ (0.013)
0.0794*** (0.038)
638 0.346
384.2 433.3
Biology
0.241** (0.106)
0.996 (0.062)
0.936 (0.124) 5.839* (5.071)
0.638 (0.437)
0.990 (0.011) 0.980 (0.021) 1.055 (0.059)
0.980 (0.023) 3.407+ (2.508)
1010 0.100
184.6 238.7
Earth Sciences
0.340*** (0.109)
0.942 (0.102)
0.816+ (0.088)
0.945 (0.549) 0.331* (0.178)
1.008 (0.011) 1.008 (0.021) 1.070 (0.066)
0.961* (0.017)
0.162** (0.097)
339 0.217
254.8 296.9
￼￼Sources. College Division of Barron’s Educational Series (1999); U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics (1971, 2009).
Notes. 1 Exponentiated coefficients; Standard errors in parentheses. 2 Table 3 reports only fields institutionalized at 20% or more colleges and universities in 1970. 3 Schools for which no Barron’s Selectivity Measure was available in 2006 had their Barron’s score imputed based upon their previously observed Barron’s Selectivity Ranking (College Division of Barron’s Educational Se- ries, 1976, 1982, 1986, 1992, 1997; Fine, 1972). 4 Significance levels: + p < 0.10; * p < 0.05; ** p < 0.01; *** p < 0.001.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 601
enrolling higher proportions of women showed limited net associations with the preservation of traditional liberal arts fields, and they showed significant net negative associations with the preservation of two hard science fields: chemistry and physics. Those enrolling higher propor- tions of international students showed significant net positive asso- ciations with the preservation of economics, the declining field most closely aligned with business, and significant net negative associations with two fields rarely associated with business: sociology and educa- tion. However, they did not show significant net positive associations with the preservation of fields in the sciences.
Based on theories about the influence of historical traditions, we ex- pected institutions awarding high proportions of liberal arts degrees in 1970 to be associated with preservation of declining arts and sciences fields. We also expected that public institutions would be more likely to preserve science and technology fields. These expectations were largely supported. Historical traditions favoring the liberal arts showed significant net associations in the expected direction for eight of the 13 fields in which they could be expected to matter (all fields except edu- cation and home economics), and the expected direction of association in the remaining five fields. Results were stronger for humanities and social science fields than for natural science fields. Public institutions showed significant net associations in the expected direction for all nat- ural science fields. In addition, public institutions showed a higher net propensity to preserve two nonscience liberal arts fields (classics and sociology) as well as a nonsignificant but positive association with the preservation of three other liberal arts fields (history, economics, and geography).
We now turn to a second source of preservation of vulnerable fields, adoption of declining fields by institutions that did not previously offer them. Table 4 examines colleges and universities that did not offer the fields in 1970–1 and identifies the characteristics of institutions that ad- opted the fields by the end of the period. As in Table 3, coefficients are odds-ratios. Coefficients above 1.0 indicate a higher propensity to adopt declining fields, net of covariates in the model, while coefficients below 1.0 indicate a lower propensity to adopt fields. Results for English, his- tory, mathematics, and biology should be treated with extreme caution, because these fields were very prevalent in 1970-1 and therefore only a small number of institutions that continued throughout the period would have had the opportunity to adopt them.
Where net associations for adoptions were statistically significant, they were generally consistent with our findings for drops. Density
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 4
Logistic Regressions—Characteristics of Institutions Adopting Declining Fields
￼￼Independent Variable
Organizational Ecology
Log total enrollment
N w/ field in region 1970 Inter-Institutional Stratification
Organizational status index Doctoral-granting Baccalaureate-granting
Demographic Composition
% Minority
% Women
% International
Demographic Composition
% Liberal arts degrees 1970
Public Observations
Pseudo R2 AIC
BIC
English
3.126 (2.491) 0.803 (0.144)
1.226 (0.299) 2.375 (7.287) 8.041
(14.338)
1.003 (0.025) 1.165* (0.070)
0.866 (0.166)
0.956 (0.047) 0.228 (0.422)
36 0.457
47.59
65.01
Classics
3.560*** (1.010)
0.782* (0.092)
1.721*** (0.169)
1.864 (0.876) 2.947* (1.305)
1.000 (0.009) 1.008 (0.015) 0.912 (0.054)
1.053*** (0.013)
0.378* (0.183)
839 0.321
352.5
404.6
Romance Lang.
2.416** (0.675)
1.013 (0.036)
1.195* (0.107)
0.492 (0.333) 1.348 (0.556)
0.977** (0.007)
1.052** (0.020)
0.977 (0.042)
1.021+ (0.012)
0.995 (0.419)
236 0.174
278.8 316.9
Germanic Lang.
2.323** (0.647)
0.981 (0.062)
1.271** (0.110)
1.212 (0.695)
3.363** (1.399)
0.962** (0.012)
1.021 (0.014) 1.071+ (0.042)
1.032** (0.013)
1.146 (0.506)
567 0.175
319.9 367.6
History
1.339 (0.553) 0.947 (0.062)
1.210 (0.183) 0.538 (0.699) 0.434 (0.317)
0.999 (0.009)
1.085** (0.034)
0.975 (0.083)
0.983 (0.027) 0.597 (0.441)
64 0.170
94.37 118.1
￼￼Sources. College Division of Barron’s Educational Series (1999); U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics (1971, 2009)
Notes. 1 Exponentiated coefficients; Standard errors in parentheses. 2 Table 3 reports only fields institutionalized at 20% or more colleges and universities in 1970. 3 Schools for which no Barron’s Selectivity Measure was available in 2006 had their Barron’s score imputed based upon their previously observed Barron’s Selectivity Ranking (College Division of Bar- ron’s Educational Series, 1976, 1982, 1986, 1992, 1997; Fine, 1972). 4 Significance levels: + p < 0.10; * p < 0.05; ** p < 0.01; *** p < 0.001.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 4 (Continued)
Logistic Regressions—Characteristics of Institutions Adopting Declining Fields
￼￼Independent Variable
Organizational Ecology
Log total enrollment
N w/ field in region 1970 Inter-Institutional Stratification
Organizational status index Doctoral-granting Baccalaureate-granting
Demographic Composition
% Minority
% Women
% International
Demographic Composition
% Liberal arts degrees 1970
Public Observations
Pseudo R2 AIC
BIC
Sociology
3.625*** (1.099)
0.999 (0.045)
1.092 (0.107) 2.254 (2.060)
2.886* (1.287)
1.025** (0.008)
1.064*** (0.020)
0.830** (0.051)
1.007 (0.012) 0.908 (0.412)
219 0.248
248.8
286.0
Economics
2.841*** (0.653)
0.953 (0.040)
1.929*** (0.211)
0.922 (0.471) 1.364 (0.489)
0.990+ (0.006)
0.995 (0.013) 0.957 (0.035)
1.024* (0.011) 2.383* (0.868)
436 0.247
408.4
453.3
Geography
2.804*** (0.871)
1.202 (0.159)
1.017 (0.113) 0.492 (0.281)
0.253+ (0.204)
0.990 (0.008) 0.983 (0.023) 0.869 (0.077)
1.018 (0.014)
9.665*** (5.342)
826 0.306
264.4 316.3
Education
1.253 (0.382) 1.027 (0.045)
0.707*** (0.064)
0.989 (0.701) 0.583 (0.254)
0.998 (0.012) 1.007 (0.013)
0.905+ (0.051)
0.993 (0.014) 0.473 (0.279)
199 0.220
235.9 272.2
Home Econ.
1.099 (0.238) 1.022 (0.083)
0.947 (0.068) 1.609 (0.699) 0.700 (0.266)
1.010+ (0.005) 1.033* (0.013)
0.971 (0.043)
0.988 (0.010) 1.625 (0.565)
771 0.065
490.2 541.3
￼￼Sources. College Division of Barron’s Educational Series (1999); U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics (1971, 2009)
Notes. 1 Exponentiated coefficients; Standard errors in parentheses. 2 Table 3 reports only fields institutionalized at 20% or more colleges and universities in 1970. 3 Schools for which no Barron’s Selectivity Measure was available in 2006 had their Barron’s score imputed based upon their previously observed Barron’s Selectivity Ranking (College Division of Bar- ron’s Educational Series, 1976, 1982, 1986, 1992, 1997; Fine, 1972). 4 Significance levels: + p < 0.10; * p < 0.05; ** p < 0.01; *** p < 0.001.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 4 (Continued)
Logistic Regressions—Characteristics of Institutions Adopting Declining Fields
￼￼Independent Variable
Organizational Ecology
Log total enrollment
N w/ field in region 1970 Inter-Institutional Stratification
Organizational status index Doctoral-granting Baccalaureate-granting
Demographic Composition
% Minority
% Women
% International
Demographic Composition
% Liberal arts degrees 1970
Public Observations
Pseudo R2 AIC
BIC
Math.
2.791+ (1.566)
1.014 (0.055)
0.814 (0.157) 0.746 (1.108) 1.405 (1.069)
0.991 (0.011) 0.969 (0.039)
0.697* (0.112)
0.999 (0.020) 4.860 (4.967)
76 0.271
89.91
115.5
Chemistry
2.345** (0.723) 0.919+ (0.041)
1.449** (0.164)
1.411 (1.332) 3.206* (1.624)
1.002 (0.007) 1.044* (0.019)
0.989 (0.057)
0.993 (0.012) 1.500 (0.744)
163 0.142
215.6
249.6
Physics
2.345*** (0.562)
0.959 (0.043)
2.129*** (0.232)
1.169 (0.693) 2.010* (0.704)
1.013* (0.005) 0.978+ (0.012)
0.982 (0.035)
1.010 (0.011)
3.108** (1.164)
464 0.235
399.7 445.3
Biology
2.001 (0.851) 0.988 (0.051)
0.921 (0.137) 3.774 (4.086)
7.176* (6.038)
0.998 (0.013) 1.045 (0.033) 0.932 (0.076)
0.974 (0.019) 0.577 (0.487)
92 0.167
102.2 130.0
Earth Sciences
2.823*** (0.675)
0.900 (0.082)
1.223* (0.098)
0.521 (0.240) 1.690 (0.678)
0.986* (0.007)
1.015 (0.014) 1.048 (0.039)
1.022* (0.011)
7.466*** (2.887)
763 0.244
418.8 469.8
￼￼Sources. College Division of Barron’s Educational Series (1999); U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Edu- cation Statistics (1971, 2009)
Notes. 1 Exponentiated coefficients; Standard errors in parentheses. 2 Table 3 reports only fields institutionalized at 20% or more colleges and universities in 1970. 3 Schools for which no Barron’s Selectivity Measure was available in 2006 had their Barron’s score imputed based upon their previously observed Barron’s Selectivity Ranking (College Division of Barron’s Educational Series, 1976, 1982, 1986, 1992, 1997; Fine, 1972). 4 Significance levels: + p < 0.10; * p < 0.05; ** p < 0.01; *** p < 0.001.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 605
dependence measures continued to show low explanatory power. How- ever, enrollment showed a statistically significant net association in the expected direction in every case; larger organizations were more likely to adopt. The same was true for the organizational status index; in every case but sociology and geography, higher-status organizations were more likely to adopt. Results for our other status measure, highest degree, ran counter to our expectations. Indeed, results for adoptions were more consistently positive and robust for baccalaureate-granting institutions, rather than for doctoral-granting institutions. As in the case of drops, colleges and universities enrolling higher proportions of mi- norities showed significant net negative associations with European lan- guages and literatures, and organizations enrolling higher proportions of women showed significant net positive associations with adoption of several traditional liberal arts fields (English, romance languages and literatures, history, and sociology), as well as with adoption of home economics. As in the case of drops, organizations enrolling higher pro- portions of international students were less likely to adopt sociology and education. Results for liberal arts oriented colleges and universities and for public institutions were not as consistent in the case of adop- tions as in case of drops.
In sum, each one of the four perspectives we used to investigate the characteristics of colleges and universities that drop declining fields re- ceived some support, but support was inconsistent and often weak for explanations based on demographic composition. Moreover, specific variables derived from the three other perspectives—organizational ecology, interinstitutional stratification, and historical traditions—pro- vided more explanatory power than the perspectives taken as a whole. The most important explanatory variables were organizational size, or- ganizational status, and a tradition of support for the liberal arts. Public institutions also showed surprising support, not only for scientific fields, as expected, but also for basic fields in humanities and social sciences. Based on our findings, we conclude that the geographic context is less important as an influence on the dropping of declining fields than to the adoption of new fields (Brint et al., 2011), perhaps because drops expand and redistribute niche space geographically among those insti- tutions continuing to offer declining programs. We also conclude that functional bases of status differentiation, as measured by highest de- grees awarded, are less important to the dynamics of decline than status differentiation based on wealth and selectivity.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼606 The Journal of Higher Education Discussion
This paper makes four major contributions to the study of institu- tional change in U.S. four-year colleges and universities:
1. It identifies 22 fields that experienced declining prevalence dur- ing the period. The list qualifies the conclusions of some early schol- ars of declining fields that these fields are concentrated among those studied mainly by women, among those serving disadvantaged popula- tions (Slaughter, 1993) or among those located in the humanities (see, e.g., Delbanco, 1999). Many declining fields during the period (such as mathematics and statistics, chemistry, economics, physics, geography, geology, agronomy, and industrial engineering) were science fields. They were neither populated primarily by women nor mainly served disadvantaged populations.
2. The paper shows that declining prevalence is more common than absolute decline. Of the 10 largest fields that showed declining preva- lence, only five showed absolute declines as well—and these absolute declines were, for the most part, minor. We found absolute declines in 50 or more colleges and universities only in the cases of European lan- guages and literatures, library science, zoology, botany, and secretarial science.
3. The paper defines five forms of decline. We identified more and less salutary forms of decline, showing that the most important form involves both declining prevalence in new organizations, as compared to failed organizations, and many more drops than adoptions in the con- tinuing schools. Declining prevalence in new schools, combined with high levels of “churning” in continuing schools, may be a second unfa- vorable condition, but further research will be necessary to determine whether this is so.
4. The paper examines the utility of four conceptual frameworks for explaining patterns of decline and demonstrates that specific variables derived from three of the conceptual frameworks—organizational size, organizational status, and traditions of support for the liberal arts—were particularly important for explaining patterns of decline. Future studies of declining fields may wish to focus on these key variables, rather than the four conceptual frameworks.
Our findings on institutional characteristics are particularly im- portant for understanding what concrete colleges and universities are likely to do when faced with changing levels of support for academic fields. They suggest that larger institutions are relatively insulated from pressures to make dramatic changes. They have the student and fac- ulty numbers to continue to offer a wide range of courses of study.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 607
Smaller institutions, by contrast, must make tough decisions about what they will offer given changing student demand for curricula and the limited number of students on campus to support academic pro- grams. High-status colleges and universities tend to retain traditional high-status fields, both because these fields retain their association with intellectuality and refinement and because many of their students will study more applied fields in their postgraduate years. Lower-status colleges and universities, by contrast, have greater incentives to offer students curricula that they will perceive as leading directly to jobs. Commitment to the liberal arts identity has much the same effect as high organizational status; prior investment in the liberal arts identity predisposes institutions to resist dropping basic fields in the arts and sciences.
Two findings from these analyses come as surprises and therefore merit further discussion. The first is that public control showed a strong net positive association with the preservation of declining fields, not just in the natural sciences where this would be expected, but in several of the humanities and social sciences as well. The second is that doctoral- granting universities were relatively unimportant for the preservation of arts and sciences fields, net of covariates.
As compared to public institutions, private institutions, with their higher tuitions and typically stronger endowments, would seem likely to be more interested in preserving traditional arts and sciences fields. To understand why our findings run counter to these expectations it is important to keep in mind that coefficients represent effects net of co- variates in the models. In other words, as sector changes from private to public for institutions similar in size and status, arts and sciences fields had a higher probability of being preserved. Our findings indicate that large and high status institutions, whether public or private, tended to preserve arts and sciences fields. However, at lower levels in the size and status hierarchies other pressures and incentives on public and pri- vate institutions evidently come into play. We can speculate about what these pressures and incentives may be. In the first place, public insti- tutions are at least partially insulated from the market due to the sup- port they receive from states. This may somewhat reduce the priority senior administrators place on responding to market signals. It is also possible that the self-image of academic leaders in the two sectors dif- fers in ways that support curricular traditionalism in the public sector.6 Moreover, leaders of public institutions may encounter more obstacles to eliminating programs, given the norms of transparency and many lev- els of review required to make changes in public universities (for sug-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼608 The Journal of Higher Education
gestive evidence, see, e.g., Gumport, 1993; Melchiori, 1982; Reinardy & Halter, 1994).
As compared to master’s- or baccalaureate-granting institutions, doc- toral-granting institutions, the producers of new knowledge and new faculty, would seem more likely to be interested in preserving tradi- tional arts and sciences fields. Larger and higher-status doctoral institu- tions, like other large and high-status institutions, do tend to preserve the basic arts and sciences fields. However, our findings suggest that smaller and lower-status doctoral-granting institutions are not as in- clined to do so. Again we can speculate about why this may be so. First, these institutions are located in very different resource environments than their larger and higher-status counterparts. They may preserve arts and science fields in which they offer doctoral programs, while at the same concentrating much of their attention on more popular occupa- tional-professional degrees for undergraduates. Indeed, our previous re- search shows that doctoral-granting institutions are more supportive at the undergraduate level of applied business and technical fields, when compared to otherwise similar master’s-granting and baccalaureate- granting institutions (Brint et al., 2010). Second, the incentives faced by baccalaureate-granting institutions are also important to consider. Our findings suggest that baccalaureate-granting institutions act to fill in lib- eral arts fields that they have not offered in the past more often than they abandon liberal arts fields that they have long offered. Based on these findings it seems likely that the liberal arts confer status in bacca- laureate-granting colleges that they do not confer in the smaller and less prestigious doctoral-granting universities.
The findings of this study invite further reflection on the future of arts and sciences fields in U.S. four-year colleges and universities. Many arts and sciences fields are not keeping pace with the expanding num- bers of colleges and universities in the United States, but decline has occurred at a relatively slow pace, particularly among fields that were widely represented at the beginning of our time period. The one excep- tion is European languages and literatures. Paradoxically, the steep de- cline in European languages and literatures may speak at once to global- ization and insularity. Asian and Middle Eastern languages and litera- tures grew during the period (Brint et al., 2010), while foreign language requirements as an element of general education remained roughly con- stant (Brint et al., 2009).
Apart from the serious problems experienced by European languages and literatures, we doubt that scholars will see especially worrisome signs of academic decay in the changes we found during the period covered by our study. However, one other development that may merit
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 609
sustained attention is the relative decline of three core natural science fields: mathematics, chemistry, and physics. Many commentators have pointed to the significance of new science and technology fields as en- gines of economic growth (see, e.g., Bush, 1945/1990; Geiger, 2004; Geiger & Sa, 2008; Graham & Diamond, 1998; Nelson, 1993). These are fundamental fields for scientific and technological progress, and the declining proportion of colleges and universities offering these fields may therefore be a matter for concern, even if decline has been evident so far mainly in smaller and less prestigious colleges and universities.
Our study ends prior to the “Great Recession” and the period of state disinvestment from public higher education that followed it. Further re- search will be necessary to determine whether these disruptive events led to the amplification of trends we observed during our study period— and whether they perhaps also led to vulnerabilities among previously unaffected academic fields.
Notes
1 We checked for differences between our approach to measuring decline and an ap- proach based on lists of degrees offered, as reported in college guides. We drew a ran- dom sample of 150 cases of inactive fields, based on our degree data, and compared these cases to lists of degrees offered by institutions in the College Blue Book (Roma- niuk & Thompson, 2006). We found mismatches in 15 cases. This suggests that fields remain “on the books” approximately 10% of the time even when they are no longer awarding degrees.
2 Estimates based on two years of degree data will have 1% unreliability compared to estimates based on three years of degree data. If we assume that error is randomly distributed, any error will tend to truncate the amount of variance we explain in our models. Some coefficients may therefore be understated by a trivial amount.
3 Organizational ecologists would normally control for the number of organizations in a region, but our data showed correlations over 0.9 between number of institutions offering fields in 1970 and number of institutions in the region in 1970, creating insur- mountable problems with collinearity when both variables were included in models.
4 Based on consultation with the IPEDS lead analyst of financial data, Dr. Craig Bowen, we determined that valid comparisons could be made following the changes in accounting rules for private universities in 1997. For total expenses, lines E19 (FASB reporters) and C19 (for GASB reporters) are comparable (Bowen, personal communica- tion).
5 Both the new and failed schools during the period were composed disproportion- ately of small, religiously affiliated colleges. Such colleges often employ too few faculty members and enroll too few students to offer degrees in every field. The new schools also included many technical institutes and branch campuses of state universities whose missions focused on career preparation.
6 One recent study, for example, showed that senior administrators in public research universities, when asked to choose among five descriptions, most often saw their institu- tions as providers of specialized knowledge in a wide range of fields serving many dif-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼610 The Journal of Higher Education
ferent constituencies. By contrast, senior administrators in private research universities more often saw their institutions as engines of creativity working at the cutting-edge of knowledge in fast-changing fields (Brint 2005). To the extent that these views translate into similar or related views at lower levels in the system, they would help to reinforce divergent priorities in the two sectors.
References
Arcidicano, P. (2003). Ability sorting and the returns to the college major. Journal of
Econometrics, 12, 343–75.
Baltzell, E. D. (1964). The Protestant establishment: Aristocracy and caste in America.
New York, NY: Viking.
Blau, P. M. (1994). The organization of academic work (2nd ed.). New Brunswick, NJ: Transaction Publishers. (Original work published in 1973)
Bourdieu, P. (1988). Homo academicus. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.
Brint, S. (2005). Creating the future: The “new directions” in American research universi-
ties. Minerva, 43, 23–50.
Brint, S., Proctor, K., Murphy, S. P., Mulligan, K., Rotondi, M. B., & Hanneman, R. A. (2011). Who are the early adopters? The institutionalization of academic growth fields in U.S. four-year colleges and universities, 1975–2005. Higher Education, 61, 563–85.
Brint, S., Proctor, K., Murphy, S. P., Turk-Bicakci, L., & Hanneman, R. A. (2009). Gen- eral education models: Continuity and change in the U.S. undergraduate curriculum, 1975–2000. The Journal of Higher Education, 80, 605–42.
Brint, S., Riddle, M., Turk-Bicacki, L., & Levy, C. S. (2005). From the liberal to the prac- tical arts in American colleges and universities: Organizational analysis and curricular change. The Journal of Higher Education, 76, 151–80.
Bush, V. (1990). Science—The endless frontier. Washington, DC: National Science Foun- dation. (Original work published in 1945)
Carroll, G. R., & Hannan, M. T. (2000). The demography of corporations and industries. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press.
Clark, B. R. (1970). The distinctive college: Antioch, Reed, and Swarthmore. Chicago, IL: Aldine.
College Division of Barron’s Educational Series. (2007). Barron’s profiles of American colleges. Hauppauge, NY: Barron’s Educational Series.
Collins, R. (1977). Some comparative principles of educational stratification. Harvard Educational Review, 47, 1–27.
Conrad, C. F., & Haworth, J. G. (Eds.). (1990). Curriculum in transition: Perspectives on the undergraduate experience. Needham, MA: Ginn.
Coopers, & Lybrand, L.L.P. (1995). Reinventing the university: Managing and financing institutions of higher education. New York, NY: John Wiley.
Cross, K. P. (1971). Beyond the open door: New students to higher education. San Fran- cisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.
Dacin, M. T., & Dacin, P. A. (2008). Traditions as institutionalized practice: Implications
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 611 for deinstitutionalization. In Royston Greenwood et al. (Eds.), Institutionalized Organi-
zations (pp. 327–51). London, UK: Sage.
Delbanco, A. (1999, Nov. 4). The decline and fall of literature. The New York Review of
Books. Retrieved from www.nyrb.com.
DiMaggio, P., & Powell, W. W. (1983). The iron cage revisited: Institutional isomorphism and collective rationality in organizational fields. American Sociological Review, 48, 147–60.
Eckel, P. D. (2002). Decision rules used in academic program closure: Where the rubber meets the road. The Journal of Higher Education, 73, 237–58.
Fain, P. (2009). Where dreamers come to die: Florida’s public universities face gutted programs and faculty departures. The Chronicle of Higher Education. Retrieved from http://chronicle.com/article/Where-Drreamers-Come-to-Die/44239
Fine, B. (1972). Barron’s profiles of American colleges. Woodbury, NY: Barron’s Educa- tional Series.
Frank, D. J., & Gabler, J. (2006). Reconstructing the university: Worldwide shifts in aca- deme. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.
Geiger, R. L. (2004). Knowledge and money: Research universities and the paradox of the marketplace. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.
Geiger, R. L., & Sa, C. (2008). Tapping the riches of science: Universities and the promise of economic growth. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.
Glenn, D., & Schmidt, P. (2010, March 28). Disappearing disciplines: Degree programs fight for their lives.The Chronicle of Higher Education. Retrieved from http://chronice. com/article/Disappearing-Disciplines-D/64850.
Graham, H. D., & Diamond, N. (1997). The rise of American research universities. Balti- more, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Gumport, P. J. (1993). The contested terrain of academic program reduction. The Journal of Higher Education, 64, 283–311.
Gumport, P. J. (2000). Academic restructuring: Organizational change and institutional imperatives. Higher Education, 39, 67–91.
Gumport, P. J. (2002). Universities and knowledge: Restructuring the city of intellect. In S. Brint (Ed.), The future of the city of intellect: The changing American university. (pp. 47–81). Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.
Hannan, M. T., & Freeman, J. (1989). Organizational ecology. Cambridge MA: Harvard University Press.
Hardy, C. (1990). “Hard” decisions and “tough” cuts: The business approach to university decline. Higher Education, 20, 301–21.
Jacobs, J. A. (1996). Gender inequality and higher education. Annual Review of Sociology, 22, 53–85.
Kirp, D. L. (2003). Shakespeare, Einstein, and the bottom line: The marketing of higher education. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.
Kraatz, M. S., & Zajac, E. S. (1996). Exploring the limits of the new institutionalism: The causes and consequences of illegitimate organizational change. American Sociological Review, 61, 812–36.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼612 The Journal of Higher Education
Leblebici, H., Salancik, G. R., Copay, A., & King, T. (1991). Institutional change and the transformation of the U.S. radio broadcasting industry. Administrative Sciences Quar- terly, 36, 333–63.
Melchiori, G. (1982). Smaller and better: The University of Michigan experience. Re- search in Higher Education, 16, 55–69.
Meyer, J. W., & Rowan, B. (1977). Institutionalized organizations: Formal structure as myth and ceremony. American Journal of Sociology, 83, 340–63.
Morphew, C. (2000). The realities of strategic planning: Program termination at East Cen- tral University. Review of Higher Education, 23, 257–80.
Morphew, C. (2009). Conceptualizing change in the institutional diversity of U.S. colleges and universities. The Journal of Higher Education, 80, 243–69.
Nelson, R. R. (Ed.). (1993). National innovation systems: A comparative analysis. New York, NY: Oxford University Press.
Nevins, A. (1962). The state universities and democracy. Urbana-Champaign: University of Illinois Press.
Oliver, C. (1992). The antecedents of deinstitutionalization. Organization Studies, 13, 563–88.
Reinardy, J., & Halter, A. (1994). Social work in academia: A case study of survival. Jour- nal of Social Work Education, 30, 300–9.
Romaniuk, B., & Thompson, V. (Eds.). (2006). The college blue book: Vol. 3. degrees offered by college and subject. (33rd ed.). Detroit, MI: Macmillan Reference USA– Thomson Gale.
Selingo, J., Fogg, P., & Smallwood, S. (2005, December 16). Tulane slashes departments and lays off professors. The Chronicle of Higher Education. Retrieved from http:// chronicle.com/article/Tulane-Slashes-Departments/8437/
Selznick, P. (1957). Leadership in administration. New York, NY: Harper and Row. Slaughter, S. (1993). Retrenchment in the 1980s: The politics of prestige and gender. The
Journal of Higher Education, 64, 250–82.
Slaughter, S., & Silva, E. T. (1985). Towards a political economy of retrenchment: The
American public research universities. Review of Higher Education, 8, 295–318. Snyder, T. D., & Hoffman, C. M. (2005). The condition of education 2005. Washington,
DC: U.S. Department of Education.
Trow, M. (1974). Problems in the transition from elite to mass higher education. Berkeley, CA: Carnegie Commission on Higher Education.
Trow, M. (2000). From mass higher education to universal access: The American advan- tage. Minerva, 37, 1–26.
Turner, S. E., & Bowen, W. G. (1990). The flight from arts and sciences: Trends in degrees conferred. Science, 250, 517–21.
U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics. (1971). Higher Education General Information Survey (HEGIS) VI: Degrees and other formal awards conferred between July 1, 1970 and June 30, 1971 [computer file]. ICPSR 02138-v2. Washington DC: U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statis- tics [producer], 1971. Ann Arbor, MI: Inter-University Consortium for Political and Social Research [distributor], 2005-11-04.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Declining Academic Fields in U.S. Universities 613 U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics. (2008). Digest of
education statistics 2008. Washington, DC: Government Printing Office.
U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics. (2009). IPEDS Data Center. Nces.ed.gov. Retrieved October 5, 2009, from http://nces.ed.gov/ipeds/ datacenter/DataFiles.aspx.
Veblen, T. (1899). The theory of the leisure class: An economic study of institutions. Lon- don, UK: Macmillan Publishers.
Veysey, L. (1965). The emergence of the American university. Chicago, IL: University of Chicago Press.
Zammuto, R. F. (1984). Are the liberal arts an endangered species? The Journal of Higher Education, 55, 184–211.
Zemsky, R., Shaman, S., & Iannozi, M. (1997). In search of stratetic perspective—a tool for mapping the market in postsecondary education. Change, (November-December), 23–36.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.





TITLE: Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among Other Social-Cognitive Factors, The Journal of Higher Education, Vol. 83, No. 3



￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Matthew Soldner
Heather Rowan-Kenyon
karen kurotsuchi Inkelas
Jason Garvey, and Claire Robbins
Supporting Students’ Intentions to Persist in STEM Disciplines: The Role of Living-Learning Programs Among
Other Social-Cognitive Factors
Noting that fewer than one in seven students in the United States re- ceive a degree in science or engineering, compared to one out of every two students in China and two out of every three students in Singapore, the National Academies (2007) identified low rates of national science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) degree production as contributing to a “gathering storm” that threatens not only the country’s capacity to effectively compete in a globalizing economy but also the prosperity of individual Americans. According to the National Science Foundation’s (NSF) National Science Board (NSB), central to averting this “growing crisis” (2007, p. 2) is the wholesale reform of all aspects of STEM teaching and learning, from early childhood to the post-bac- calaureate. Phrased in more positive terms, the charge to those able to influence policy and practice seems to be this: Now is the time for a renaissance in STEM education.
At the postsecondary level, there is reason to consider directing re- sources toward minimizing attrition from STEM fields. Each year, a considerable percentage of students who begin college with the inten-
This research was supported by the National Science Foundation (#0521762), the National Association of Student Personnel Association, the Association of College & University Housing Officers International Research Foundation, and ACPA College Stu- dent Educators—International. A version of this paper was previously presented at 2008 Annual Meeting of the Association for the Study of Higher Education, Jacksonville, FL.
Matthew Soldner is a Doctoral Candidate at the University of Maryland. Heather Rowan-Kenyon is an Assistant Professor at Boston College. Karen Kurotsuchi Inkelas is an Associate Professor at the University of Virginia. Jason Garvey and Claire Robbins are Doctoral Students at the University of Maryland.
The Journal of Higher Education, vol. 83, No. 3 (May/June) Copyright © 2012 by The Ohio State University
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼312 The Journal of Higher Education
tion to earn a degree in STEM fields ultimately graduate with a non- STEM baccalaureate (National Center for Education Statistics, 2009). Nearly half of the students who entered four-year colleges or universi- ties as biology or agriculture majors failed to graduate in those fields, for example, as did nearly three in 10 physical science majors. While these rates might be (more) acceptable were higher numbers of students pursuing STEM fields, such is not the case: Less than a quarter of stu- dents enter college with the intention to earn their degree in a STEM discipline (NCES). If the country’s long-term prosperity is inextricably linked to its capacity to educate workers in STEM fields, the rates of production reported by NCES signal cause for concern.
The problem of STEM attrition appears to be more vexing for spe- cific student populations. Degree attainment for women and under-rep- resented minority (URM) students in STEM (i.e., those students who identify as African American, Hispanic/Latino, or Native American/ American Indian) are even lower than for undergraduates as a whole (NSB, 2007; NSF, 2007, 2008). First-year women continue to be less likely than their male counterparts to express an interest in choosing STEM majors, resulting in generalized under-representation. The prob- lem is particularly severe among bachelor’s degree recipients in engi- neering and computer science, where only between 20% and 25% of students are female. Similarly, while African American and Hispanic students earn only 4.1% and 3.5% of the nation’s undergraduate phys- ics degrees, respectively, those same student groups represent 9.0% and 7.9% of the nation’s bachelor’s degree recipients, respectively. Apparent inequities also exist in earth and atmospheric sciences and aerospace, civil, and materials engineering (NSF, 2008).
Numerous theories have been advanced to explain why women and URM students are less well represented among STEM graduates than they are in the broader pool of bachelor’s degree recipients. Multiple au- thors have concluded that women’s k–16 socialization and preparation experiences impede their success in STEM fields (Astin & Sax, 1996; Lee, 2002; Seymour & Hewitt, 1997; Steinke et al., 2006). And, de- spite years of efforts to address gender equity (e.g., programs that have sought to increase the number of women in STEM faculty positions, creating student organizations for women in STEM majors, and STEM mentoring programs) women in STEM still report disciplinary cultures and departmental norms that are unwelcoming to learning styles that are more common among women than men, such as opportunities for contextual and cooperative learning (Goodman Research Group, 2002; Hughes, 2000; Rosser, 1997). Researchers have suggested that women are more likely to persist in STEM fields if they have confidence in their
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Supporting STEM Persistence 313
quantitative abilities, have strategies for overcoming obstacles, and have a sense of self-efficacy vis-à-vis their ability to be successful in the curriculum (Allen, 1999; Goodman Research Group, 2002; Hathaway, Sharp, & Davis, 2001; Leslie, McClure, & Oaxaca, 1998; Seymour & Hewitt, 1997).
Like women, URM students in STEM fields are also influenced by factors that can vitiate their best efforts at success. These include overtly hostile racial climates (Rankin & Reason, 2005; Swim, Hyers, Cohen, Fitzgerald, & Bylsma, 2003; Ting, 2001), subtle acts of racism that dissuade students from engaging in activities that might lead to suc- cess (Moore, 2006), Eurocentric pedagogies (Anderson, 2004), and low numbers of same-race or non-White faculty role models (Rendón, Gar- cia, & Person, 2004). URM students—particularly those who are also lower-income—may also have undergone k–12 socialization experi- ences that, irrespective of ability, can inhibit success in STEM fields. This includes the increased likelihood of lower-income students having been taught by high school teachers unqualified to teach STEM-related subjects (Haycock, 2001), ability grouping into less challenging courses of study (Atwood, 2000), and the use of pedagogies that neither lever- age the power of technology nor students’ own cultural experiences (Upadhyay, 2005).
The sheer litany of barriers that might inhibit the success of any stu- dent in his or her pursuit of a bachelor’s degree in any field makes it unsurprising that researchers, educators, and policymakers continue to devise interventions they hope will support students along their path to the baccalaureate. Rooted in the English residential college struc- ture, the philosophy of John Dewey, and the early residential learning community movement spearheaded by Alexander Meiklejohn, living- learning (L/L) programs are one such example. L/L programs are in- tentionally-structured residential communities in which participants: (a) live together in a residence hall on campus, (b) partake in a shared aca- demic curriculum and/or co-curriculum, and (c) have access to special resources in their residence environment that are available primarily to them (Brower, Inkelas, & Crawford, 2004; Inkelas, Brower & Associ- ates, 2004; Soldner, Inkelas, & Brower, 2008). Notably, given the barri- ers to STEM success noted above, the espoused goals of L/L programs are to purposefully blend students’ in- and out-of-class experiences to foster a sense of community among students and faculty, to deepen stu- dents’ sense of belonging to the institution, and to develop an academic identity that is squarely attached to the institution’s core educational mission (Brower & Dettinger, 1998; Inkelas & Weisman, 2003; Shapiro & Levine, 1999). In 2007, more than 650 L/L programs were operating
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼314 The Journal of Higher Education
nationwide, exhibiting a wide range of foci, from first-year transition issues to the promotion of student wellness (Inkelas, Brower, & Associ- ates, 2008).
Given the challenges universities have experienced in STEM degree production, it is not surprising that institutions have begun to develop L/L programs targeted exclusively to students interested in pursuing STEM careers: the National Study of Living-Learning Programs, the only multi-institutional study of living-learning programs in existence, included 89 such programs in its study. STEM-focused L/L communi- ties have the components of L/L programs listed above, but the shared curriculum and special resources are concentrated on STEM-related in- terests. These programs, which generally attract students who have de- clared or plan to declare a STEM major, provide opportunities for stu- dents to participate in field trips, courses, research projects, and other activities that promote involvement in STEM. However, whether L/L programs generically, or STEM-focused L/L programs in particular, demonstrate promise in supporting the persistence of students in STEM majors has yet to be determined.
Conceptual Framework
This study is grounded in Lent, Brown, and Hackett’s (1994, 2000a, 2000b) social cognitive career theory (SCCT), which was developed to examine the manner in which people develop and elaborate on career and academic interests, select and pursue choices based on interests, and perform and persist in their occupational and educational pursuits. Fig- ure 1 illustrates Lent et al.’s conceptual model.
SCCT highlights the role of three social cognitive variables in vo- cational development: self-efficacy, outcome expectations, and goals (Lent et al., 1994, 2000a, 2000b). Self-efficacy is described by Lent et al. as beliefs about one’s own personal capabilities. These beliefs are hypothesized to affect academic and vocational decision-making by at- tenuating the judgments a student makes about his or her likelihood of surmounting obstacles that may lie in the path leading to attaining a de- sired career. Outcome expectations, or a person’s anticipated results of performing one or more certain behaviors, shape vocational develop- ment in a different way. Positive future expectancies are hypothesized to motivate individuals to look past proximate situations, particularly challenging ones, so that they can maintain focus on the attainment of long-term desires. Lent et al.’s final variable, goals, refers to decisions made to engage in a certain behavior, with the anticipation of achieving a desired outcome. Within the context of collegiate vocational develop-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Supporting STEM Persistence 315
￼￼Social Supports
Social Barriers
￼￼￼￼Self-Efficacy
￼￼￼￼Interests
Fig. 1.
Major Choice Goal
￼￼￼￼Outcome Expectations
Lent et al.’s (2005, p. 86) Model of Social Cognitive Career Theory
ment, the most concrete manifestation of vocational goals is a student’s declared major (Lent, Brown, Sheu, Schmidt, Brenner, Gloster et al., 2005; Lent, Lopez, Lopez, & Sheu, 2008).
As SCCT has been applied to STEM disciplines by Lent et al. (2005, 2008) and others, three related constructs have been incorporated into the theory’s framework: (a) students’ interest in STEM pursuits (e.g., reading about STEM, or STEM-related problem solving), (b) the pres- ence of social supports, and (c) present or anticipated barriers. Each is believed to directly influence students’ goals. In addition to those direct relationships, the latter two constructs are also thought to indirectly in- fluence goal development by attenuating students’ self-efficacy.
Empirical Applications of SCCT to Vocational Development in STEM
SCCT has been applied to a variety of vocational paths, but empiri- cal research focused on STEM disciplines is most relevant to the pres-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼316 The Journal of Higher Education
ent study. Lent et al. (2005) focused on women’s and URM students’ intention to persist in STEM majors and surveyed nearly 500 students enrolled in introductory engineering courses, seeking to determine if differences existed between-groups (male vs. female and predominantly White institutions [PWI] vs. Historically Black Colleges and Universi- ties [HBCUs]) among key SCCT constructs.
Although Lent et al. (2005) determined that their model appeared appropriate irrespective of gender and institutional type, two conclu- sions are of note. First, although social supports were directly related to self-efficacy beliefs of all respondents, their direct relationship to goals were statistically significant only for women and for students enrolled at HBCUs, lending credence to efforts that offer supplemental support for these populations. Second, enrollment at an HBCU also appeared to confer a protective effect against social barriers. As a result, the au- thors concluded that one of any number of characteristics they ascribed to HBCUs, including more positive racial climates, supportive campus cultures, and exposure to same-race role models, may be at work to re- tain students in engineering disciplines.
Lent et al.’s (2005) basic framework has been further nuanced through the work of researchers that have grappled with STEM ineq- uities at various stages of the academic pipeline. At least two studies are relevant to this investigation, as they suggest additional facets of the student experience to be considered when investigating collegiate vocational development. Navarro, Flores, and Worthington’s (2007) ex- tensive work with Mexican American girls yielded a greater understand- ing of how demographic characteristics, most notably socio-economic status, may serve as a de facto barrier to the development of STEM ca- reer goals for some students. Nauta and Epperson (2003) focused on the relationship between girls’ high school STEM experiences and STEM major choice, noting positive relationships between pre-college STEM preparation, self-efficacy, and vocational aspirations.
L/L Programs’ Hypothesized Role in SCCT
We hypothesize that, within the SCCT framework, L/L participation represents a larger structure that may have the capacity to influence stu- dents’ vocational development. STEM L/L programs in particular may support students’ STEM self-efficacy. By providing opportunities for mentoring by upper-division students, immersion in an environment with supportive peers, and facilitating participation in vocationally-re- lated co-curricular activities, such as externships, internships, and fac- ulty research, STEM-focused L/L programs offer participants access to key contributors to self-efficacy, which include performance accom-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Supporting STEM Persistence 317
plishments, vicarious learning experiences, verbal persuasion, and emo- tional arousal (Bandura, 1986, 1997).
Extensive study of more than 45,000 undergraduate students over the past five years has suggested that, compared to their peers who live in traditional residence hall environments, L/L participants report greater levels of social and academic support within their living units, more frequent conversations with peers about academic, vocational, and so- cial/cultural issues, and greater likelihood to experience faculty mentor- ship and interaction with faculty around course-related issues (Inkelas, Brower, & Associates, 2004). In combination, these experiences appear to translate into smoother college transitions, higher levels of confi- dence in collegiate success, and greater sense of belonging to the insti- tution (Inkelas, Soldner, & Szelenyi, 2009).
Presently, there is a dearth of information about the efficacy of STEM L/L programs. Three dissertations are notable exceptions, including one focusing on adjustment (Helman, 2000), another on sense of be- longing (Johnson, 2007), and, finally, work investigating the relation- ship between L/L programs and persistence in STEM majors (Gandhi, 1999). Encouraging results from Gandhi provides an impetus for addi- tional research in this vein, as does an absence of literature that explores the possible relationships between L/L participation and students’ ca- reer development as conceptualized by SCCT. As such, this study poses the following research questions: First, what is the influence, if any, of students’ participation in L/L programs (either non-STEM-focused or STEM-focused) on their major goals, above and beyond that of the tra- ditional residence hall environment? Moreover, is L/L participation re- lated to other socio-cognitive factors (e.g., social supports) that, in turn, affect major choice goals?
The conceptual framework developed to evaluate these questions in- cluded each of the components of SCCT outlined by Lent et al. (1994, 2000a, 2000b, 2005) and depicted in Figure 1. The theory underlying the operation of L/L programs was integrated with SCCT by conceptu- alizing L/L program participation as shaping six key living and learning environments—residence hall academic climate, residence hall social climate, academically-focused peer interactions, socioculturally-focused peer interactions, course-related faculty interaction, and non-course-re- lated faculty interaction—that might serve as sources of social support. Through its direct effect on those environments, L/L program partici- pation was posited to have an indirect effect on outcome expectations, STEM-related interests, collegiate self-efficacy and, ultimately, major choice goals. Although not explicitly posited by SCCT, a direct effect of L/L participation on major choice goals was also tested. To consider
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼318 The Journal of Higher Education
the conditional effect of gender on major choice goals, separate models were estimated for both men and women. Due to sample size restric- tions, gender × URM status models could not be reliably estimated. As such, students’ URM status was incorporated in the model as a social barrier. Figure 2 depicts the model evaluated in this study.
Study Methods
Sample and Data Collection
This study was conducted as part of the 2007 National Study of Living-Learning Programs (NSLLP) Baseline Study, which surveyed 110,682 students enrolled at 46 universities across the nation. The ma- jority of the institutions were public (n = 39), and of those most were the flagship campus of their state’s public university system. Geographi- cally, six were located in the Far West (e.g., California or Oregon), 11 in the Great Lakes (e.g., Michigan or Wisconsin), five in the Mid-Atlantic/ Mid-East (e.g., Pennsylvania or Maryland), two in New England (e.g., Connecticut or Maine), one in the Plains (e.g., kansas or Iowa), three in the Rocky Mountains (e.g., Colorado or Montana), 11 in the Southeast (e.g., Georgia or Florida), and seven in the Southwest (e.g. Arizona or Texas). Twenty-seven institutions had enrollments over 20,000 students, 11 had enrollments between 10,000 and 19,000, six had enrollments be- tween 5,000 and 9,999, and the remaining two had enrollments between 1,000 and 4,999. Thirty-three were defined as Carnegie Research Uni- versities, four were Doctoral/Research Universities, eight were Master’s Colleges and Universities, and one was a Baccalaureate College.
In Spring 2007, two groups of respondents from each institution were sampled: (a) either all of the institution’s L/L participants or a random sub-sample and (b) a comparable sample of non-participating residential students. Research collaborators contacted participants via e-mail and asked them to participate in a web-administered study, described below. A total of 22,519 students responded, yielding a response rate of 20%, 24% among L/L participants and 18% among non-participants (Inkelas, Brower, & Associates, 2008). Case weights, originally created to correct non-response bias on an institution-by-institution basis, were not used in this analysis because they did not take in to account the type of L/L program in which a student participated.
This investigation is concerned with first-year students who, when surveyed in their second semester, reported that: (a) they entered their institutions with an intention to major in a STEM field and (b) were cur- rently enrolled in a STEM discipline. For purposes of this research, we
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Supporting STEM Persistence 319
￼￼￼￼￼￼Key L/L Envs.
Social Supports
￼L/L Participation
Self-Efficacy
Outcome Expectations
Social Barriers
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Interests
Major Choice Goal
￼￼￼￼Fig. 2.
Hypothesized Model in This Study
include all fields identified by the NSF as representing science and en- gineering (e.g., physical sciences, mathematics, information technology, biological sciences, agriculture), with the exception of the social sci- ences (NSF, 2008). Our rationale for focusing on first-year respondents is two-fold. First, L/L programs largely cater to first-year populations, so they represent the largest proportion of our sample (Inkelas, Brower, & Associates, 2008). Second, by constraining this initial investigation to the experience of first year students only, we eliminate several me- diating factors that threaten internal validity. A total of 5,240 first-year students were identified for the sample, of which 2,098 were men and 3,142 were women. Additional sample characteristics are summarized in Table 1.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 1
T Tests of Between-Group (Men vs. Women) Mean Differences
Characteristic
Est. SD 4.29 1.12
Est. SD 4.38 1.09
t df Sig. -2.88 4397.57 **
Dependent variable: Major choice goal
Interests
Outcome expectations
Self-efficacy: College grades
Self-efficacy: Confidence in college preparation Self-efficacy: Confidence in high school preparation Self-efficacy: High school grades
1 5
5 20 7.72 2.42
7.78 2.40 0.07 1.07 3.26 0.62
-0.87 4089.36
-5.43 3879.85 *** -5.02 4195.72 ***
Support: Academic peer conversations Support: Course-related faculty interaction Support: Non-course-related faculty interaction Support: Parental education
Support: Parental support for major choice Support: Sociocultural peer conversations Support: Supportive hall academic climate Support: Supportive hall social climate
1 6 -3.53 1.17 -1.72 3.31 -0.92 5.77
-0.01 1.18 -0.03 1.17 3.90 1.51 5.01 0.75 -0.01 2.10 0.16 2.46 0.02 1.11
0.66 3914.67
2.10 3675.23 * 0.22 4491.54
Range Min Max
Men
(n = 2098)
Women (n = 3142)
Difference Test a Men − Women
-6.35 0.82 0 4
3 5
3 15
-0.11 1.16 3.17 0.65 11.59 2.27 11.27 2.50 5.18 0.84 -0.10 1.22 0.01 1.21 0.05 1.30 3.91 1.50 4.96 0.89 0.02 2.21 -0.25 2.51 -0.02 1.13
10.10 2.40 9.92 2.49 5.35 0.76 0.06 1.11
17.11 2887.97 *** 15.43 3140.38 *** -7.44 4183.36 *** -4.61 3706.80 ***
0 6
1 6 -9.87 8.76 -10.40 11.06 -4.00 2.18
-1.77 3176.27 0.57 3789.71
a Difference test is unequal variance t test. Degrees of freedom for robust t-tests computed by Satterthwaite approximation. * p ≤ 0.05; ** p ≤ 0.010; *** p ≤ 0.001
-5.42 3854.73 *** -1.15 3895.75
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Supporting STEM Persistence 321 Instrument and Variables Used
Respondents completed the Residence Environment Survey (RES), which consisted of 62 items or item sets. This analysis relied upon a subset of RES constructs, including those represented by a single item (e.g., gender), indices created by summing formative indicators (e.g., counting the number of STEM-related interests reported by a student), and factor scores representing latent factors and derived from reflective indicators (e.g., a group of individual RES items believed to tap a latent construct such as “course-related faculty mentorship”). Factor scores were generated using the Bartlett method after principal axis factoring with varimax rotation. The dependent variable (Dv) was represented by a single item (“How likely is it that you will complete a degree in [your major]”), with a five-point Likert-type response scale (“not at all likely; somewhat likely; not sure; likely; very likely”). Additional psychomet- ric details related to the variables used in this study are summarized in Appendix A.
Data Analysis
First, descriptive statistics and factor scores were generated using Stata/SE 11.0. Then, MPlus 5.21 was used to conduct multiple-group (men vs. women), measured variable path analysis. The general strategy for analyzing multiple groups in structural equation models has been de- scribed by Byrne (2006) and others, and includes four steps: (a) fitting the hypothesized model in each group separately, (b) fitting the hypoth- esized model for both groups simultaneously, without the imposition of cross-model constraints, (c) fitting the hypothesized model for both groups simultaneously, imposing cross-model constraints on measure- ment equations (if present) and structural equations, and (d) relaxing cross-model constraints that, based upon a review of modification indi- ces, the analyst concludes are statistically untenable.
All models were developed using MPlus’s robust maximum likeli- hood estimator, due to possible non-normality associated with the ordi- nal nature of the Dv. Missing data in the sample was augmented by full- information maximum likelihood estimation. Hu and Bentler’s (1999) joint “good data-model fit” criteria were adopted a priori. As such, ac- ceptable fit was defined as a standardized root mean square residual (SRMR) below 0.09 and a root mean square error of approximation (RMSEA) below 0.06. While robust estimates of model chi-square val- ues are also presented, they are not offered as evidence of data-model fit, as their tendency to become inflated as sample size increases is well documented (n.b., Byrne, 2006).
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼322 The Journal of Higher Education Results
Descriptive Statistics
Several gender-related differences at the univariate level were noted in our sample (see Tables 1 and 2). Women disproportionately identified as URM students, and, although they earned stronger high school grades than their male counterparts, reported less confidence in the strength of their high school STEM preparation. No differences in parental edu- cation or parental support for students’ pursuit of a STEM major were noted. Once in college, women again reported stronger grade point av- erages than their male peers, but, still, less confidence in their STEM preparation. Despite that lower degree of confidence, women reported greater confidence that they would graduate in their chosen STEM field and more positive expectations for favorable career and life outcomes after graduation. No difference in STEM interests between men and women were noted.
A slight lack of proportionality in men’s and women’s choice of resi- dential environment was noted, with men being over-represented in the traditional residence hall (TRH) environment (see Table 2). Women re- ported more frequent conversations with their peers about academic is- sues than did men, although no difference was noted between groups’ frequency of sociocultural conversations. Men reported more non- course-related interaction with faculty than did women, although no dif- ference was noted between groups’ frequency of course-related faculty interaction. Finally, women were more likely to report that their resi-
￼TABLE 2
Chi-Square Tests of Independence, Men vs. Women
￼￼￼￼￼￼Characteristic
URM status Yes
No
Residential environment Traditional res. hall
Non-STEM L/L STEM L/L
Men
(n = 2098)
χ2
% Contrib.
Women (n = 3142)
χ2
% Contrib.
11.27 4.60 88.73 0.50
40.52 1.40 40.90 1.20 18.59 0.00
Difference Test χ2 df Sig.
12.69 1 ***
6.47 2 *
￼8.25 91.75
43.90 37.85 18.26
6.80 0.80
2.10 1.80 0.00
￼* p ≤ 0.05; ** p ≤ 0.010; *** p ≤ 0.001
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Supporting STEM Persistence 323 dence hall climate was academically supportive than were men. No dif-
ference on halls’ social climates was noted by gender.
Evaluation of Structural Equation Models
Figure 2 depicts the hypothesized structural relationships between SCCT, participation in L/L programs, and students’ self-reported inten- tion to complete a baccalaureate degree in a STEM discipline. As de- scribed earlier, we began testing the usefulness of this model in describ- ing our observed data by evaluating it separately for men and women. Then, the model was tested for men and women simultaneously, moving from a fully unconstrained model (i.e., a model where relationships be- tween constructs were allowed to vary between men and women) to a fully constrained model (i.e., a model where the relationships between constructs were forced to be the same between men and women). A summary of modeling appears in Table 3.
Tests of data-model fit using the male sample indicated that our hy- pothesized model was a tenable representation of the underlying data. Data-model fit using the female sample was similarly positive. Model modification indices were reviewed to identify areas of misspecifica- tion, and to consider whether any of the statistically-suggested modi- fications might be theoretically appropriate. One cluster of possible changes seemed indicated: the possibility that a student’s high school grades and ratings of high school academic preparation might have a relationship with his or her collegiate ratings of peer and faculty interac- tions or perceived residence hall environments. As a result, these vari-
￼TABLE 3
Modeling Summary, Measured variable Path Analysis
Robust (MLR) Estimates
Model
# Description χ2 DF
Data-Model Fit Statistics
￼￼￼￼￼1 Original model for male students
1 Original model for female students
2 Modified male model
2 Modified female model
3 Multi-group model, unconstrained
4 Multi-group model, fully constrained
110.950 28 125.055 28
74.655 16 58.514 16
65.539 16 353.304 162
90% RMSEA Confidence Interval
[0.030, 0.045] [0.027, 0.039]
[0.033, 0.052] [0.021, 0.027]
[0.026, 0.043] [0.018, 0.024]
SRMR
0.023 0.021
0.016 0.011
0.009 0.025
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼324 The Journal of Higher Education
ables were allowed to freely covary. Substantial improvement in data- model fit indices resulted, particularly in the female sample.
Next, male and female models were estimated simultaneously. Both the unconstrained and fully constrained models evidenced good data- model fit, although the imposition of constraints in the final phase of testing caused a significant decrease in fit quality. Again, model modifi- cation indices were inspected. No seemingly appropriate modifications were noted. After concluding that the final model was a tenable repre- sentation of the underlying data for both men and women, the relation- ships between SCCT constructs, L/L participation, and students’ likeli- hood to complete a baccalaureate in STEM disciplines were examined.
Relationship Among Key Constructs
As predicted by SCCT, evidence of interest in STEM pursuits (b = 0.08, SE = 0.01, p ≤ 0.05), positive outcome expectations (b = 0.21, SE = 0.02, p ≤ 0.05), and collegiate self-efficacy, operationalized here as confidence in one’s STEM preparation (b = 0.11, SE = 0.03, p ≤ 0.05) and college grades (b = 0.10, SE = 0.02, p ≤ 0.05), were significantly and positively related to students’ self-reported likelihood to remain in STEM disciplines. No relationship was noted between self-efficacy in- dicators from high school, operationalized here as high school grades (b = 0.01, SE = 0.02, p > 0.05) and confidence in one’s high school STEM preparation (b = -0.03, SE = 0.02, p > 0.05), or parents’ perceived sup- port of a student’s pursuit of a STEM major (b = 0.03, SE = 0.02, p > 0.05). Unexpectedly, parental education was negatively related to the dependent variable (b = -0.04, SE = 0.01, p > 0.05).
At least for students in our sample, participation in a STEM-focused L/L program (compared to residence in a traditional residence hall) was not directly related to students’ self-reported likelihood to complete a STEM baccalaureate (b = 0.02, SE = 0.01, p > 0.05). Participation in a non-STEM-focused L/L program had a direct, negative relationship to the Dv, albeit only slightly (b = -0.03, SE = 0.02, p ≤ 0.05). None of the variables representing key living and learning environments were found to have a direct effect on the Dv. Tables 4 and 5 decompose standard- ized effects between key constructs in the model. Statistically signifi- cant effects are bolded.
Although the direct effects of L/L participation on students’ reported likelihood to earn their STEM baccalaureate were not encouraging, Fig- ure 2 also hypothesized L/L programs could have operated indirectly upon the Dv, through their influence on other parts of the model. After calculating the totality of effects in the hypothesized model (that is, both direct and indirect effects) of L/L participation on the Dv, a somewhat
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Supporting STEM Persistence 325
different picture emerged (see Table 4). For non-STEM-focused L/L programs, their significant, negative direct effect on the Dv was off- set by a significant, positive indirect effect, yielding zero net influence. STEM-focused L/L programs, which appeared to have had no influence when looking at only their direct effects, evidenced significant, positive indirect effects which made the programs, on balance, at least nominally beneficial: participation increased students’ self-reported likelihood of completing a STEM baccalaureate by 0.1 units (unstandardized; SE = 0.04, p ≤ 0.05).
This was due at least in part to how L/L programs influenced social supports. Both non-STEM- and STEM-focused L/L programs exerted positive, total effects on five of the six key living and learning environ- ments we hypothesized would function as social supports, including: (a) academically-focused peer conversations, (b) socioculturally-focused peer conversations, (c) non-course-related faculty interaction, (d) per- ceptions of a socially-supportive residence hall climate, and (e) percep- tions of an academically-supportive residence hall climate (see Table 5). (Non-STEM L/L programs also exerted a positive, total effect on students’ course-related faculty interactions.) In turn, these social sup- ports had positive, total effects on other SCCT constructs, including: (a) major choice goals (academically-focused peer conversations, course- related faculty interaction, and socially-supportive residential envi- ronments), (b) outcome expectations (academically-focused peer con- versations, course-related faculty interaction, and socially-supportive residential environments), (c) STEM-related interests (academically- focused peer conversations and course-related and non-course-related faculty interactions), (d) college grades (academically-focused peer conversations and course-related faculty interactions), and (e) perceived collegiate STEM preparation (non-course-related faculty interaction and socially-supportive residential environments).
Implications for Further Research and Practice
We conclude that STEM-focused L/L programs may hold promise in deepening students’ commitment to graduating with a bachelor’s de- gree in STEM disciplines, operationalized here as their expressed likeli- hood of graduating with a degree in a STEM field. We found no effect for non-STEM-focused L/L programs. Perhaps more importantly, our analysis identified indirect relationships between distinct facets of stu- dents’ collegiate environments that L/L programs can influence, includ- ing conversations with peers about academic issues, course- and non- course-related faculty interaction, and socially-supportive residential
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 4
Standardized Total and Indirect Effect of Predictor variables on Criterion variables in Model
Predictor variable
Support:
Parental education
-0.02 0.03 0.03 0.03 0.03 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.06 0.04 0.12 0.01 0.02 0.01 0.01 0.01 0.05 0.03 0.06 0.00 0.01 0.02 -0.01 0.02 0.01 0.01 0.01 0.00 0.05 0.03 0.08 0.03
0.01 0.01
0.13 – -0.02 – 0.05 – 0.01 – 0.04 – -0.06 – 0.02 – -0.02 –
0.12 – 0.01 – 0.02 – 0.04 – 0.02 – 0.06 – 0.02 – 0.09 –
Support:
Parental support of STEM Major
0.00 0.00
Support:
Peer academic conversations
0.07 0.01
Support:
Peer sociocultural conversations
0.01 0.00 0.18 0.01 0.21 0.01 0.00 0.00 0.02 0.01
Support:
Faculty course-related interact
Support:
Faculty non-course-related interact
Support:
Res. Hall Academic Environment
Support:
Res. hall social environment
Major Outcome Choice Goal Expectations
Interests TE IE
Grades TE IE
Preparation TE IE
TEa IEb TE IE
Dv
College Self-Efficacy
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 4 (Continued)
Standardized Total and Indirect Effect of Predictor variables on Criterion variables in Model
Predictor variable
Res. environment: Non-STEM L/L
-0.01 0.02
0.01 0.01 0.02 0.02
0.02 0.02 0.02 0.02
0.00 0.00 -0.01 -0.01
0.07 0.00 -0.02 0.00 -0.16 –
0.00 0.02
Res. environment: STEM-focused L/L
0.03 0.01
0.03 0.02
Barrier:
URM in STEMc
-0.03 -0.02
-0.02 –
Self-efficacy:
High school preparation
-0.03 -0.01
-0.02 – -0.01 0.00 -0.01 – 0.02 0.00 -0.01 – 0.01 0.00
– –
– –
Self-efficacy:
High school grades
0.01 0.00
– –
– –
Self Efficacy: College Grades
0.10 0.00
– –
– –
Self Efficacy:
College Preparation
0.17 0.07 0.21 0.00
0.27 – 0.11 0.01 – – 0.05 –
– –
– –
Outcome Expectations Interests
– – – –
– – – –
Major Choice Goal
Outcome
Expectations Interests
Grades TE IE
Preparation TE IE
TEa IEb
TE IE TE IE
0.08 ––
c Total effects on high-school self-efficacy: grades is -0.11, on high-school self-efficacy: preparation is -0.07. Both are significant at p < 0.05.
a TE = Total Effects
b IE = Indirect Effects
Dv College Self-Efficacy
– ––
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼TABLE 5
Standardized Total and Indirect Effect of Predictor variables on Collegiate Social Supports
Predictor variable
Res. environment: Non-STEM L/L Res. environment: STEM-focused L/L
0.06 – 0.06 –
0.08 – 0.05 –
0.03 – 0.01 –
0.06 – 0.05 –
0.12 – 0.08 –
0.13 – 0.08 –
Notes. TE = Total Effects, IE = Indirect Effects
Academic TE IE
Sociocultural TE IE
Course TE IE
Non-Course TE IE
Academic TE IE
Social TE IE
Peer Conversations
Social Supports Faculty Interaction
Res. Hall Climate
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Supporting STEM Persistence 329
environments, and students’ goals for graduating with a degree in a STEM discipline. Below, we consider the implications of this work for researchers and practitioners dedicated to improving the experience of students in STEM disciplines and increasing the nation’s production of STEM baccalaureate degrees.
Although not the focus of the study per se, we think it appropriate to comment upon elements of our descriptive analyses as a way to con- textualize the potentially differential experience of men and women in STEM. In a finding we take as encouraging, we found no gender- related difference in our study between women’s expressed likelihood to complete their STEM baccalaureate and the likelihood of their male counterparts. Less encouraging is our finding that, in both high school and college, women report higher GPAs than men yet rate themselves as less prepared by virtue of their STEM coursework. Perhaps it is indeed the case that women’s high school and first-year college coursework is qualitatively less rigorous than that of men, and that respondents are an- swering accurately. An equally, perhaps more compelling explanation, given prior literature, is that women downplay the value of their prepa- ration experiences, or misperceive the value of men’s. Given the posi- tive relationship between perceptions of preparation and major goals, exploring this disconnect—and rectifying it, if it is found to be perva- sive—seems important.
Our study suggests that, once in college, students are experiencing the mechanisms of vocational formation in the general manner posited by Lent et al.’s (1994, 2000a, 2000b) SCCT. There is strong evidence supporting linkages between collegiate self-efficacy, outcome expec- tations, and STEM-related interests and students’ self-reported major choice goals. The direct influence of social supports and barriers is less clear, although the evidence bears out their indirect relationship to stu- dents’ intentions to persist in STEM fields through self-efficacy. From a practical perspective, this suggests leverage points (discussed below) where educators may choose to intervene in the student experience.
From the vantage point of research, we believe this suggests that SCCT—a theory used primarily in counseling psychology—has broader applicability to higher education research. We assert that SCCT is com- patible with econometric models of student choice (e.g., the human capital framework) that have long dominated higher education. It is our belief that the use of integrated models in future research would more accurately describe how students navigate the complex set of choices they encounter while participating in postsecondary education.
For educators and policymakers, the fundamental question arising from this study is simple: Should I implement a L/L program to en-
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼330 The Journal of Higher Education
hance students’ commitment to graduating in a STEM discipline? The results of this study suggest that STEM-focused L/L programs appear to offer at least some benefit. Consistent with our initial hypotheses, L/L programs, compared to traditional residence halls (and presumably off-campus residences), have the capacity to enhance the quality of stu- dents’ peer and faculty interactions and deepen their sense of social sup- port, which in turn influence factors which bear directly upon vocational choice. We have no illusion, however, that L/L programs are the only— or even the best—way of shaping those environments.
This study suggests that three college environments may have par- ticular significance in improving STEM degree production, both for women and men. First, academic conversations with peers are related to more positive outcome expectations, greater interest in STEM pur- suits, and better collegiate grades, all of which were ultimately found to have positive effects on major goals. As suggested by Bandura (1977, 1986), these conversations may serve to inspire students to work with greater levels of effort or to try new experiences, to normalize feelings of inadequacy or assuage fears, or to learn vicariously through the ex- periences of others. While strong claims of causality are never possible in cross-sectional research, there seems to be little to lose and much to gain by implementing programs that provide students opportunities for meaningful academic and vocational discussions.
Second, faculty interaction around courses was related to students’ more positive outcome expectations, and both course-related and non- course-related faculty interaction was related to enhanced interest in STEM pursuits and college grades. There is no shortage of literature speaking to the importance of student-faculty interaction (n.b., Pas- carella & Terenzini, 2005). Faculty interaction is a cornerstone of L/L programs (Inkelas, Brower, & Associates, 2008), and ways of tailoring those interactions to support students in STEM disciplines might in- clude independent research supervised by faculty, working on existing faculty research projects, participation in professional development ac- tivities offered by disciplinary societies, and informal socializing.
Finally, this study speaks to the importance of socially-supportive residential environments, which were related to more positive outcome expectations. While it might have been hypothesized that this fac- tor would be more important for women than men, such was not the case here. Due to sample size restrictions, we were unable to determine whether there were differences in students’ experiences by URM status. We adopt the general position that socially-supportive environments— residential or otherwise—are good for all students, irrespective of de- mography. The scholarship of inclusion, writ large, is extensive, and this
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Supporting STEM Persistence 331
study suggests that educators would do well to incorporate its lessons as they plan interventions to support students in the STEM disciplines.
Immediate next steps for future research relate directly to the preced- ing findings. It is interesting to note that non-STEM-focused L/L pro- grams appeared to be at least as good as STEM-focused L/L programs in shaping these three key environments (see Table 4). Non-STEM-fo- cused L/L programs’ general efficacy, however, was eroded due to a sig- nificant, direct negative effect on student major choice goals. Why this might have occurred is worthy of investigation. Selection effects, a pe- rennial problem in non-equivalent group designs, are a plausible cause: if non-STEM-L/L participants were less committed to earning a STEM degree than were their STEM L/L peers, attenuation in the non-STEM- L/L programs’ influence may have occurred. In order to overcome this limitation, future studies should incorporate better measures of initial intent or the use of techniques to account for selection effects (e.g., pro- pensity score matching).
The importance of STEM education to our nation’s collective pros- perity seems unlikely to abate. Unfortunately, it is clear that much work remains to be done on college and university campuses to ensure that those who matriculate with an interest in STEM-related studies gradu- ate with a STEM degree. This work suggests STEM-focused L/Ls may be one useful intervention in the promotion of student success, and that understanding their underlying mechanisms of action may lead practi- tioners to other ways they can act to bolster STEM degree production.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX A
Description of Indices and Scales
Scale and Items Loading
Self-efficacy: Confidence in HS preparation
Math courses ! Science courses ! Engineering-related courses !
Self-efficacy: Confidence in college preparation
Math courses ! Science courses ! Engineering-related courses !
Outcome expectations
Achieve work success 0.86 Get a good job 0.80 Work-family balance 0.66
STEM interests
Internship ! Being a mentor ! Attending a STEM-related lecture ! visit a STEM work setting ! Outreach to high school students !
Social support: Peer academic conversations
Shared concerns about classes and assignments 0.78 Discussed something learned in class 0.75 Talked about current news events 0.65
Social support: Peer sociocultural conversations
Discussions with students whose political opinions very different 0.80 Held discussions with those with different religious beliefs 0.80 Discussed social issues such as peace, human rights, justice 0.77 Discussed views about multiculturalism and diversity 0.76 Discussions with students whose personal values different 0.70
Social support: Course-related faculty interaction
visited informally with instructor before/after class 0.75 Asked instructor for info related to course 0.65 Made appt to meet instructor in his/her office 0.67
Cronbach α
0.64
0.63
0.83
0.60
0.80
0.88
0.77
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼APPENDIX A (Continued) Description of Indices and Scales
Scale and Items
Social support: Non-course-related faculty interaction
Discussed personal problems or concerns with instructor Discussed career plans & ambitions with instructor visited informally with instructor on social occasion
Social support: Residence hall academic climate
Environment supports academic achievement Most students study a lot
It’s easy to form study groups
Staff helps with academics
Social support: Residence hall social climate
Help and support one another
Appreciate different religions
Appreciate different races/ethnicities Different students interact with each other
! Item is part of an index, not a scale. Each item equally weighted.
Loading Cronbach α
0.74 0.72
0.68 0.59
0.81 0.80
0.72 0.68 0.63
0.84 0.69
0.80 0.80 0.83
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼334 The Journal of Higher Education References
Allen, C. (1999). WISER women: Fostering undergraduate success in science and engi- neering with a residential academic program. Journal of Women and Minorities in Sci- ence and Engineering, 5, 265–267.
Anderson, J. A. (2004). Academic and social integration: A key to first-year success for students of color. In L. I. Rendón, M. Garcia, & D. Person (Eds.), Transforming the first-year experience of college for students of color (pp. 3–22). Columbia: University of South Carolina, National Resource Center for the First-Year Experience and Students in Transition.
Astin, H. S., & Sax, L. J. (1996). Developing scientific talent in undergraduate women. In C. S. Davis, A. B. Ginorio, C. S. Hollenshead, B. B. Lazarus, & P. M. Rayman (Eds.), The equity equation: Fostering the advancement of women in the sciences, mathematics and engineering. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass Publishers.
Atwood, M. M. (2000). Equity for Black Americans in precollege science. Science Educa- tion, 84, 154–179.
Bandura, A. (1977). Self-efficacy: Toward a unifying theory of behavioral change. Psy- chological Review, 84, 191–215.
Bandura, A. (1986). Social foundations of thought and action: A social cognitive theory. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
Brower, A. M., & Dettinger, k. (1998). What is a learning community? Towards a compre- hensive model. About Campus, 15–21.
Brower, A. M., Inkelas, k. k., & Crawford, S. (2004, May). Assessing the impact of liv- ing-learning environments on student outcomes: Results from a national study. Paper presented at the meeting of the National Learning Communities Project Conference, Seattle, WA.
Byrne, B. (2006). Structural equation modeling with EQS (2nd ed.) Mahwah, NJ: Erlbaum.
Gandhi, C. M. (1999). A longitudinal evaluation of factors associated with retaining wom- en in science and engineering. (Doctoral dissertation). Iowa State University, 1999, Ames, IA. Retrieved from Proquest Dissertations & Theses: Full Text.(AAT 9950087).
Goodman Research Group (2002). Final report of women’s experiences in college en- gineering (WECE) project. Retrieved October 21, 2008, from http://www.grginc.com/ WECE_FINAL_REPORT.pdf
Hathaway, R., Sharp, S., & Davis, C. S. (2001). Programmatic efforts affect retention of women in science and engineering. Journal of Women and Minorities in Science and Engineering, 7, 107–124.
Haycock, k. (2001). Closing the achievement gap. Educational Leadership, 58(6), 6–11.
Helman, C. k. (2000). Adjustment to college: The contribution of a living-learning pro- gram for science and engineering students. (Doctoral dissertation). Michigan State Uni- versity, 1999, East Lansing, MI. Retrieved from ProQuest Dissertations & Theses: Full Text. (AAT 9948114)..
Hughes, W. J. (2000). Perceived gender interaction and course confidence among under- graduate science, mathematics, and technology majors. Journal of Women and Minori- ties in Science and Engineering, 6, 155–167.
Inkelas, k. k., & Weisman, J. L. (2003). Different by design: An examination of outcomes
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼Supporting STEM Persistence 335 associated with three types of living-learning programs. Journal of College Student De-
velopment, 44, 335–368.
Inkelas, k. k., Brower, A. M., & Associates. (2004). The National Study of Living Learn- ing Programs: 2004 report of findings. Retrieved January 1, 2010, from http://www. livelearnstudy.net/images/ NSLLP_2004_Final_Report.pdf
Inkelas, k. k., Brower, A. M., & Associates. (2008). The National Study of Living Learn- ing Programs: 2007 report of findings. Retrieved January 1, 2010, from http://www. livelearnstudy.net/images/ 2007_NSLLP_Final_Report.pdf
Inkelas, k. k., Soldner, M. E., & Szelenyi, k. k. (2009). Living-learning programs for first-year students. In M. Dunn & W. Zeller (Eds.), Residence life programs and new student programs (3rd ed., pp. 53–66). Columbia, SC: National Resource Center for the First Year Experience and Students in Transition.
Johnson, D. R. (2008). Sense of belonging among women of color in science, technol- ogy, engineering, and math majors: Investigating the contributions of campus racial climate perceptions and other college environments. (Doctoral dissertation). University of Maryland, College Park, MD. Retrieved from ProQuest Dissertations & Theses: Full Text. (AAT 3297338).
Lee, J. D. (2002). More than ability: Gender and personal relationships influence science and technology involvement. Sociology of Education, 75, 349–373.
Lent, R. W., Brown, S. D., & Hackett, G. (1994). Contextual supports and barriers to ca- reer choice: A social cognitive analysis. Journal of Counseling Psychology, 47, 36–49.
Lent, R. W., Lopez, A. M., Lopez, F. G., & Sheu, H-B. (2008). Social cognitive career theory and the prediction of interests and choice goals in the computing disciplines. Journal of Vocational Behavior, 73, 52–62.
Lent, R. W., Brown, S. D., & Hackett, G. (1994). Toward a unifying social cognitive theory of career and academic interest, choice, and performance. Journal of Vocational Behavior, 45, 79–122.
Lent, R. W., Brown, S. D., & Hackett, G. (2000a). Career development from a social cognitive perspective. In D. Brown & L. Brooks (Eds.), Career choice and development (pp. 373–421). San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.
Lent, R. W., Brown, S. D., & Hackett, G. (2000b). Contextual supports and barriers to ca- reer choice: A social cognitive analysis. Journal of Counseling Psychology, 47, 36–49.
Lent, R. W., Brown, S. D., Sheu, H., Schmidt, J., Brenner, B. R., Gloster, C. S., ... Lyons, H. (2005) Social cognitive predictors of academic interests and goals in engineering: Utility for women and students at historically black universities. Journal of Counseling Psychology, 52, 84–92
Leslie, L.L., McClure, G.T., & Oaxaca, R.L. (1998). Women and minorities in science and engineering: A life sequence analysis. The Journal of Higher Education, 69, 239–276.
Moore, J. A. (2006). A qualitative investigation of African American males’ career trajec- tory in engineering: Implications for teachers, school counselors, and parents. Teachers College Record, 108, 246–266.
National Center for Education Statistics. (2009) Students who study science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) in postsecondary education. Washington, DC: Author.
National Science Board. (2007). A national plan for addressing the critical needs of U.S.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼336 The Journal of Higher Education
science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education system. Arlington, vA:
National Science Foundation.
National Science Foundation. (2007). Women, minorities, and persons with disabilities in
science and engineering. (NSF 07-315). Arlington, vA: Author.
National Science Foundation. (2008). Science and engineering indicators. Arlington, vA:
Author.
Nauta, M. M., & Epperson, D. L. (2003). A longitudinal examination of the social-cog- nitive model applied to high school girls’ choices of nontraditional college majors and aspirations. Journal of Counseling Psychology, 50, 448–457.
Navarro, R. L., Flores, L. Y., & Worthington, R. L. (2007). Mexican American middle school students’ goal intentions in mathematics and science: A test of social cognitive career theory. Journal of Counseling Psychology, 54, 320–335.
Pascarella, E. T., & Terenzini, P. T. (2005). How college affects students: A third decade of research (vol. 2). San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.
Rankin, S. R., & Reason, R. D. (2005). Differing perceptions: How students of color and white students perceive campus climate for underrepresented groups. Journal of Col- lege Student Development, 46, 43–61.
Rendón, L. I., Garcia, M., & Person, D. (2004). Transforming the first-year experience of college for students of color. Columbia: University of South Carolina, National Re- source Center for the First-Year Experience and Students in Transition.
Schafer, J. L. (1997). Analysis of incomplete multivariate data. London: Chapman & Hall. Seymour, E. (2002). Tracking the processes of change in U.S. undergraduate education in
science, mathematics, engineering, and technology. Science Education, 86(1), 79–105. Seymour, E., & Hewitt, N. M. (1997). Talking about leaving: Why undergraduates leave
the sciences. Boulder, CO: Westview Press.
Shapiro, N. S., & Levine, J. H. (1999). Creating learning communities: A practical guide to winning support, organizing for change, and implementing programs. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.
Soldner, M. E., Inkelas, k. k., & Brower, A. M. (2008). Learning Communities. In N. J. Salkind (Ed.), Encyclopedia of Educational Psychology (vol. 2, pp. 579–584). Thou- sand Oaks, CA: Sage.
Steinke, J., Lapinski, M., Crocker, N., Zittsman-Thomsa, A., Williams, Y., Higdon, S., & kuchibhotla, S. (2007). Assessing media influences on middle school-aged children’s perceptions of women in science and engineering using the Draw-A-Scientist Test (DAST). Science Communication, 29, 35–64.
Swim, J. k., Hyers, L. L., Cohen, L. L., Fitzgerald, D. C., & Bylsma, W. H. (2003). African American college students’ experiences with everyday racism: Characteristics of and responses to these incidents. Journal of Black Psychology, 29, 38–67.
The National Academies. (2007). Rising above the gathering storm. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press.
Ting, S. M. R. (2001). Predicting academic success of first-year engineering students from standardized test scores and psychosocial variables. International Journal of Engineer- ing Education, 17, 75–80.
Upadhyay, B. R. (2005). Using students’ lived experiences in an urban science classroom: An elementary school teacher’s thinking. Science Education, 90, 94–110.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
Copyright of Journal of Higher Education is the property of Ohio State University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.
